Tim Sackton: And drop in our.
Tim Sackton: We start where we left off, which was where you all returned to Vindisharna, parked above the Redstone
Tim Sackton: house of the monks Pava and Avras in the Danmari Desert.
Tim Sackton: and the intention is to start
Tim Sackton: like for maybe half an hour, or however long, Eric
Tim Sackton: Shorter. If you get tired, or whatever, and
Tim Sackton: rizwin is taking the crown, and possibly some of your followers to go to the Orcs and
Tim Sackton: figure out how to save a bunch of them from their evil god
Tim Sackton: and Seeker is, I believe, planning on taking Vinder, Sharna, and Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: possibly going back to the circular island. We never quite established where Seeker was going to do his research. But somehow Seeker is finding out how to get to the plane of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: No go to the circular, and then also figure out how to make us all kinds of new cool items, and turn all those goodies into like awesomeness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I stop in Toland first.st
Tim Sackton: To join the, to join.
Mike Sackton: To join the philosophers, guild.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do to do like an internship with them, you know.
David S. Kong: I like that.
David S. Kong: Sure.
Tim Sackton: In any case, the idea is that Seeker is taking Vindisharna and going off to do his own thing, so Eric can sleep as much as he can for
Tim Sackton: couple of sessions, and then we'll pick up
Tim Sackton: once. Well, be dealt with, and Kenzo deal with whatever they're dealing with in Chardon.
Tim Sackton: You can reconnect with seeker and go rescue Frank R.
Eric Rosenbaum: I. I was thinking I might be able to communicate via correspondence even with the party.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: During that time, like I was thinking about how like we we talked to the Guild with like.
Mike Sackton: Notes back and forth. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You could definitely get some magic paper that although I was also like doing a little bit of research about communication in the Middle ages. And I totally didn't realize how amazing carrier pigeons were
Tim Sackton: that actually worked.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And also the Byzantine Empire figured out, essentially invented optical telegraphs with Morse code using signal fires, and they could send letters. The you could only see
Tim Sackton: the the watch pose had to be a few kilometers apart because they did it using torches, and they'd have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like an to the right.
Tim Sackton: No, it's but it was like dot.
Mike Sackton: But they have more scope.
Tim Sackton: Torches and dashes or hold up one torch, and they basically invented Morse code and would send signals almost instantaneous, instantaneously over a hundred Km.
Tim Sackton: And they could send one bit messages just with fire on or off over a thousand, you know. 500 km. Almost instantaneously.
Tim Sackton: So they were all actually like really good at long distance communication carrier pigeons were amazing. They could go
Tim Sackton: like 60 miles a day for like a week, and they could get news
Tim Sackton: like carrier pigeons would be flying all across Europe throughout the entire Middle Ages, up through World War one, actually they still used carrier pigeons.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can definitely send letters.
Tim Sackton: and you can, you know, carry your pigeons. The only downside to carrier pigeons is you have to, they'll only return to the place where they were raised. So you have to carry them far away, and then send messages.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very weird.
Tim Sackton: But magic paper.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Carrier.
Tim Sackton: Hold up!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's evidence that carrier pigeons were being used in Egypt in 1,300 BC.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's that's unreal.
Eric Rosenbaum: They were all over the place.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, seeker can definitely send magic letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just need to train some to return to Vendrastrana wherever it is.
Mike Sackton: But we could also, like
Mike Sackton: deal with can every night just have an endlessly long conversation with somebody in their dreams.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right?
Mike Sackton: So it. You know we we have a lot of magic is what I'm trying to say. We don't. We don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: With multiple channels. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We have many channels.
Kate Sackton: But dealt with birds.
Mike Sackton: I know.
Tim Sackton: So okay, given that, let me start some music. So let's pick up
Tim Sackton: as you return from the Feywilds on the Rainbow Bridge to Vindisharna, parked above the Danmari Desert.
Tim Sackton: It has now been almost a month since you defeated Apollyon, which you have spent
Tim Sackton: almost entirely traveling in the Feywilds.
Tim Sackton: a process particularly taxing on Seeker, who spent much of the time being possessed.
Tim Sackton: and who has a consequence now, is very tired.
David S. Kong: Well, it's like long Covid, but long, you know
David S. Kong: long ago what was the name of the thing for that.
Tim Sackton: Lady even died.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Long long even time.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: At Vidoshana, of course, is your crew, Faldrick?
Tim Sackton: At the moment nowhere to be seen. Somewhere in the bowels of the ship, messing around in his
Tim Sackton: workshop and or trying to invent some other crazy magic item to Makerna. Do something. It probably shouldn't do.
Tim Sackton: Ammo a monk originally a
Tim Sackton: trainee of Pava and Avaris himself.
Tim Sackton: Now Kenzo's pupil student is sitting and talking quietly.
Tim Sackton: With Pava as you arrive.
Tim Sackton: and the rest of the crew, Kethra, the dwarven Smith.
Tim Sackton: Nizkar, and I go the Orc twin sisters Yota, the Denokai warrior
Tim Sackton: who helps maintain Daoist's taunchy shrines on the ship
Tim Sackton: the halflings, Nika and Willow Copperharp, who joined you, a crew of Milo, Thistlefoot, and Ellie.
Tim Sackton: who themselves now are sailing somewhere
Tim Sackton: in a strange land, and you have a magic eye implanted in their back that you can check on them whenever you feel like it.
Tim Sackton: The ship itself is parked, maybe only 2530 feet above the house.
Tim Sackton: And as you arrive, everybody, you know, sort of turns and looks to greet you.
Tim Sackton: But it's a it's a quiet scene. It's a peaceful scene. Everybody seems sort of calm, and
Tim Sackton: maybe not exactly surprised to see you figuring. Oh, you'd show up at some point. Eventually Faldrick emerges from the deck when you appear, and sort of gives you a wave and
Tim Sackton: begins to scramble down the ladder.
Tim Sackton: To speak.
Tim Sackton: And you it's let's see, it's
Tim Sackton: mid afternoon, something like that. Late afternoon you've been.
Tim Sackton: We'll say no, we'll say it's morning I wrote down. It's morning
Tim Sackton: but you haven't been. You've been eating and sleeping rather irregularly in the strange time of the Feywild, and
Tim Sackton: probably hungry and tired after your rabbles, and
Tim Sackton: so, as we begin. I mean, everybody maybe can describe your character. And then let's just take
Tim Sackton: 15 to 30 min to role play whatever conversations you want. As Rizwyn
Tim Sackton: says, goodbye and prepares to depart.
Tim Sackton: I think Kethra and the Orcs are likely to go with her.
Tim Sackton: Certainly, Ethra, but the Orcs have been the librarian Newsgar has been curious about
Tim Sackton: it originally was inspired by Rizwin and the battle for Izgekar to rededicate herself to her childhood, dream of doing more for all Orcs who suffer under Thark's control. So
Tim Sackton: now that this is Riswin's quest 2, I think she's likely to join along with her sister.
Tim Sackton: need to have a I'm gonna need to add a category for former followers, because you've had a so
Tim Sackton: maybe it's time to recruit a few more.
Tim Sackton: So there's that seeker. Of course, with these
Tim Sackton: 27 volume edition of Lore of the Plane of fire recovered from the circular island.
Tim Sackton: has presumably been eager to figure out how to finally reach his missing brother.
Tim Sackton: And the rest of you are.
Tim Sackton: I think, under Kenzah's sway and preparing to go somewhere.
Tim Sackton: But this is basically just an opportunity to like role play what you want. But let's start
Tim Sackton: at the moment that you arrive.
Tim Sackton: After a few minutes of having settled.
Tim Sackton: Describe your characters.
Tim Sackton: What's everybody look like after their Feywild journey?
Tim Sackton: Anyone.
Mike Sackton: Go with.
Mike Sackton: I don't think the Feywild really
Mike Sackton: changed him much, but definitely, I think, since, especially since Apollyon's defeat, maybe has more
Mike Sackton: sort of more of a confident and contented vibe West, concerned with.
Mike Sackton: you know, more, more sort of
Mike Sackton: less haunted, maybe by his past.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he's outfitted, as always with his, then a quiet armor.
Mike Sackton: You know, which mostly blends in, you know it. It's
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: white and tucked around his his clothes. He has a tendency to wear, you know, a nice cloak with it, and is often carrying his his shield with the 2 lynxes on it.
Mike Sackton: but never a sword unless we're about to fight. You know, he's arriving at.
Mike Sackton: This is puffer. This is, this is like his.
Mike Sackton: There's actually a sort of sense of a circle completing right like this is the 1st place he was after he fell from Shabbat's kingdom right or.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: The Shadow Realm, and and the last time
Mike Sackton: he we were here he didn't really remember it. It's not that he remembers it better necessarily, but it's it's like just more confident and cheerful and talking to
Mike Sackton: to Pavrom Pavros. And what is it, Pavros? And.
Tim Sackton: Ava and Avaras.
Mike Sackton: Hava and Avaras. I was mixing those syllables in the wrong way.
Mike Sackton: you know, and wants to hear how everybody's doing. And and you know, is.
Mike Sackton: he seems to be almost in a good mood.
David S. Kong: And so is on enjoying catching up with
David S. Kong: with pavra. Sorry. Say that again.
Tim Sackton: Pava.
Tim Sackton: All right.
David S. Kong: Pava and Avras. Yeah. And Amol is the student. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So you know, the 4 of us are like forming this little circle and kind of just chatting and talking about. You know what's what's the latest and greatest in this area, and how things going with the Orcs, and so on. Kenzo is definitely, though, after spending all this time out in another dimension. Extremely curious about what's going on in Chardon.
David S. Kong: We still have that ascending stone with What's her name, Sarah? We still have that? Yeah, so definitely in this conversation, or at some point. Well, Penza's eager to learn more from Sarah. What's going on? And learning more about the latest of what's happening in chart him?
David S. Kong: But otherwise, yeah, he's very content catching up with with the monks. And
David S. Kong: yeah, enjoying learning about what's going on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby is is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dressed back all, or he's fashioned the armor to look like. He's dressed almost back in what he 1st arrived with this sort of like halfling traveling clothes and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sturdy pants tucked into these well well-worn boots and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The armor itself is is this wide leather belt tooled with Kenku designs around his waist, and he's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. There's just an ease there like, I think, for so long. You know so much of his routine always was like, Be prepared! What's coming next, and what's around the corner?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he's not missing anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but there's there's just an ease to it like there's not for the 1st time in so so long there's not something hanging over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Meanwhile Baxter is is out of the stable and down on the ground, running around, chasing after lizards and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trying to catch a rabbit. That's just a little bit too quick for him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Moby's sitting back with his feet up, and maybe
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): idly arguing with Kenzo over charting things, not out of any real conviction, but out of, you know the long habit about disagreeing over, charting.
Kate Sackton: This one is, you know, still armored. Still, you know, post
Kate Sackton: the time in the darkness and the time in the great hall, sir, coming down off of the
Kate Sackton: intense ending of the changing into animals and chasing all around the
Kate Sackton: for to find the prism. Well,
Kate Sackton: But it didn't take like a huge physical toll. She still looks neat, and, you know, ready to fight. But what's most different for her is that she's not distracted by sort of trying to pay attention to the crisis of the moment, and also wrestle with what's on her head. And what she's able to do now is think
Kate Sackton: there will be planning, there will be focus. There will be a purposeful mission, and
Kate Sackton: and feel some sort of hope and direction. And instead of
Kate Sackton: how can I fix this? How can I wrestle this into
Kate Sackton: situation that can be rescued? Now there's a now there's a clarity
Kate Sackton: she goes to, you know. Talk to
Kate Sackton: Kathra, but mainly she wants to start bouncing ideas off of Niskar and Eagle. Okay, cool to
Kate Sackton: Begin the process. Begin a discourse with
Kate Sackton: the works about a strategy, for what are their key hopes for progress?
David S. Kong: There's 1 wearing the crown like right now. Are you like wearing it? You're just like.
David S. Kong: where do you keep it?
Kate Sackton: Well given that the
Kate Sackton: return to Vindrashan is also the beginning of the recruitment for the war against Thark. She figured that she would wear it, and
Kate Sackton: and approach Kathra and the rainbow works with this with this newfound clarity, and say.
David S. Kong: Wow!
Kate Sackton: You know we're aware of the power of this artifact, and the way that I've chosen to
Kate Sackton: harness it's good for the world is to address Thark's evil influence and
Kate Sackton: make some changes in a larger population of Orcs.
Kate Sackton: and see what we can do.
Kate Sackton: But what should be our goals.
David S. Kong: Can my soul site at Brisbane when she's wearing a crown.
Tim Sackton: I mean she's still riswin.
David S. Kong: But like, you know, Brisbane, plus like what's what's going on.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, it's it's like there's none of the weird energy that used to be coming off of it right. There's none of the like tendrils of all of the people trapped in your mirror, who were possessed by the cleansed, are presumably now just standing around confused about what's going on.
Kate Sackton: Good reminder. We should talk to them.
Tim Sackton: There's no. So I mean, that's
Tim Sackton: But otherwise she's yeah. I mean, like, I think, like Kate said right. She's like pretty.
Tim Sackton: The crown is much more like at peace than it was before. Right like it's more.
Tim Sackton: It's not rizwin fighting to shift the crown into
Tim Sackton: some other kind of form. It's like the crown and riswind are one you know.
Tim Sackton: not exactly one entity, but, like, you know, clearly
Tim Sackton: connected in a way, or united in a single purpose, I guess, is the better way to put it.
David S. Kong: Alright. So we're not like preparing to roll initiative, but we're all we're all happy and.
Tim Sackton: You know I mean, Riswind would probably like brash you all, anyway.
Tim Sackton: now that she has 9th level spells.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy!
Mike Sackton: Doesn't seeker. Also have 9th level spells.
Tim Sackton: That's true. Seeker also has made.
David S. Kong: Does, does dealt with, not nice.
Tim Sackton: Now I've done them.
Tim Sackton: Alright! You don't have to pick night level spells. Now you can do that at some much later date.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Because you can pick any 9th level spell in the entire game.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you just pick wish.
Tim Sackton: Seeker might not want wish.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you can use it to duplicate any 8th level or lower spell, though.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he wants mass polymorph.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: That does sound on trend on brand. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Or really what's on brand is invulnerability.
Tim Sackton: You are immune to all damage until the spell ends.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God, that yeah!
Eric Rosenbaum: Studying all this time, for that's correct. Yes.
Tim Sackton: It's act as concentration. So the downside is. Once you cast that spell, you can't do anything else. Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worth it totally worth it.
Tim Sackton: Totally worth that speaker becomes a front line fighter.
Kate Sackton: As rooseven steps out of the party Seeker takes up a battle axe.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's a lot of good spells, I mean, yes, wish is obviously strong, but it's only strong. If you actually know all of the spells
Tim Sackton: ton a ton, a ton of work
Tim Sackton: that you would want to use, whereas something like mass, polymorph or shape change, which just lets you turn into anything you want.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: You're right. You're right. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's.
David S. Kong: Wait. What time did we arrive here?
Tim Sackton: Like mid-morning.
David S. Kong: Okay and are. Is this mid morning now, or.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we're starting just as you arrived.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as you all settle in and begin planning in discussion. You know, we can jump around to whatever
Tim Sackton: I think it would make sense to focus on seeing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Riswin is probably, you know, has some planning to do, but it's probably ready to get going.
David S. Kong: Something cool is gonna happen at sunset. So stay around for that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: yeah. People. I mean, we'll do a little time. Skip right? But I think we can. I think I I mean, I don't know, Eric. I don't. Wanna. I don't wanna kick you out. I also don't wanna keep you longer. I don't wanna make you stay up so
Tim Sackton: there's obviously some planning discussion that you guys have to have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah point for me, like, I'm just like doing this until like
Eric Rosenbaum: 1111 30, and then I'll feed her a bottle, and then I'm doing this again until like one. So it's just like.
Mike Sackton: A hangout right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I guess so.
David S. Kong: I love it.
David S. Kong: I mean, we can all do like a like a conference call together with Stuarra and see what's going on with tartan. That's like one of the key things to do.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Should we role play that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is there anybody we know in Chardon? Specifically, too, because Sarah's in Dunmar. But.
David S. Kong: Don't we know? Like the people in the I mean? Kenzel knows some people.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: But we know some like.
David S. Kong: well, why don't why don't we? Let's do zoom with Sarah first, st and see like like what the you know what her, what her take is on things.
Kate Sackton: Did seekers elf dwarf contact in the University bail out? Or was he staying sticking out for the craziness.
Tim Sackton: As far as you know.
Tim Sackton: As far as you know, like Ulfgar is still there. Galen, the elemental
Tim Sackton: person. You got the chalice you bought the chalice from is still there, although whether he liked you is an open question.
Tim Sackton: You didn't.
Kate Sackton: Woman who was like powerful, who we had a meeting with.
Tim Sackton: The woman, the Tea woman, Rosalia.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Gnaeus, the guy who infiltrated the
Tim Sackton: the like historian who wrote the book that got you to the.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: For us like you don't. The only person you know for sure has fled.
Tim Sackton: Chardon is
Tim Sackton: It is Kaisaways, Kenzo's mentor, and the
Tim Sackton: d wild cloak, the halfling adventurer who ran from the
Tim Sackton: open scroll after realizing Festo's connection.
Tim Sackton: I mean, for all you know, Severus, who has been a name dropped for the past 4 years is back in charter, and you could finally meet him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Severus! Again.
Tim Sackton: Cerberus was the guy who was like a historian with the open scroll, who.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Pass through
Tim Sackton: Karawa like shortly before the campaign started, and then was always seemed like he was one step ahead of you tracking artifacts, and you followed him to Darba because you thought he had the cloak or something. You weren't sure what, but it turned out to be a red herring.
Tim Sackton: And then he went off into a Loria somewhere, and you, almost like went to go, do some adventure, and then decided not to in a rare display of focus.
David S. Kong: All right, let's Kenzel pulls out the descending stone, and dials sir's number.
Tim Sackton: So you get Sarah as she.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Sarah, it's it's tenzo we our back on this plane
David S. Kong: after after being gone for a little bit, but just calling to heard.
David S. Kong: Wanted to see how things are going with you, and how
David S. Kong: how things are playing out in Dunmar, and if you had any engagement with Chardon or any Chardon related entities recently.
Tim Sackton: I, so much has happened. I don't remember the last news you had.
Tim Sackton: I think you've been gone a while. Yes.
David S. Kong: We had. How much time have we been gone in real time?
Tim Sackton: You've been on the in the Feywild for
Tim Sackton: Let's see, about 3 weeks
Tim Sackton: not quite. No more like 2 weeks, 2 and 2 weeks.
David S. Kong: Yeah. What? What's been? What's been happening the last 3, 3 or 4 weeks last month.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's see last. Did I tell you? Did we speak after the slip?
Tim Sackton: Surrender of the legions?
Tim Sackton: Yes, we spoke then. I remember that clearly
Tim Sackton: since then.
Tim Sackton: Wow, that I wouldn't say it's been exactly quiet. But after a general Cusico, so Marius Cusico
Tim Sackton: he turned and headed back to Chardon. It was the strangest thing just said.
Tim Sackton: This is a pointless fight, and surrendered. I think you had something to do with that, didn't you?
Tim Sackton: Things were confused at that moment.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you could say, certain people where, released from
David S. Kong: a certain type of bondage they were experiencing before.
Tim Sackton: So he took the bulk of his legions
Tim Sackton: and started marching back to Chardon.
David S. Kong: To do what.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: We didn't follow him that far.
Tim Sackton: Once they crossed back across the Myrony Gap and started heading along the chart and Toca Road.
Tim Sackton: Not my concern.
Tim Sackton: Bigger problem was the disgruntled looters who refused to march with.
Tim Sackton: She used to go and claim they had come for
Tim Sackton: booty, and we're gonna get booty.
Tim Sackton: Sort of annoyed. He didn't do anything about it, but maybe he was more worried about the
Tim Sackton: 7th Legion. The mage folks who snuck off in the night towards the north.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I think there's something going on in chart, and I haven't been able to get
Tim Sackton: clear reports, which is strange.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: yeah, he left. We were left to deal with the looters. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: there was only maybe 5, 6 days ago.
Tim Sackton: They attack parts parts of Sungara, but Hovdar engaged them.
Tim Sackton: scattered them into the Majorany Gap. I suspect there will be bandit trouble for some time, but nothing we can't handle
Tim Sackton: Shadow. Assassins and Tokra were a bit more of a problem. But was it you, again, who
Tim Sackton: contacted the stoneborn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, didn't we do that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we did.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Don't remember.
David S. Kong: What happened?
David S. Kong: I remember. What did we do?
Mike Sackton: We sent a no message to Dracad's village.
David S. Kong: You're a cod.
Mike Sackton: To have the stone board and try and help with the chaos.
Tim Sackton: Well, they turned out to be very helpful
Tim Sackton: the second time in as many centuries they've saved Tokra, so we're grateful for that.
Tim Sackton: And honestly, things are a lot less bad than they could have been.
David S. Kong: How are things with your brother.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: nothing there has gone the way it should have.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I I do not understand him anymore, and can't get in his head.
David S. Kong: You think he was under the influence, or has been, or was, or continues to be, influenced by anyone or anything? Or is this just
David S. Kong: his own evolution over time.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Don't.
David S. Kong: The crown wasn't controlling him, was he?
Tim Sackton: Was it?
Tim Sackton: I don't think so. I think
Tim Sackton: just everything made him paranoid and cautious and cautious, and paranoid is a difficult combination, a lead from.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there was no chance he was going to fight the Chardonian navy, so I'm not surprised, he surrendered. Darba
Tim Sackton: can't see a future where we are.
Tim Sackton: I can't see a future where
Tim Sackton: Tokra and Sangara and the Eastern deserts submit to his leadership again, not after everything.
David S. Kong: And where is he now?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I guess, in Darba or Naihar.
Tim Sackton: probably still negotiating the terms of his surrender to the Tardonian Emperor.
David S. Kong: When you say something weird is happening in charting. What do you mean?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean
Tim Sackton: the legions just suddenly surrendered and turned and marched away. And and
Tim Sackton: I've not had any news formally ending a state of conflict between us. I've not heard any information about
Tim Sackton: whether you are still enemies of the State to be executed on site.
Tim Sackton: I have not heard any response to the there's been no peace.
David S. Kong: When you communicate in this whole process of these past months, when you communicate with any Chardonian entity, who are you communicating with.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's all by courier in pigeon.
David S. Kong: You know who you're communicating with them.
Tim Sackton: I know the seals of the Emperor. But
Tim Sackton: who's to say if those are faked or not?
David S. Kong: Is it is, but is it through the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: Well, the magistros, as he calls himself.
Tim Sackton: But yes, the Emperor.
David S. Kong: What was your last communication?
Tim Sackton: Hey must have been
Tim Sackton: of.
Tim Sackton: I think it must have been
Tim Sackton: almost to more than a month ago now, when the Chardonians accused you of terrorism and Dunmar, of harboring
Tim Sackton: fugitives, and demanded that we hand you over and pay a blood price for the damage done to the city or war would be declared.
David S. Kong: That would have been.
Tim Sackton: 5 weeks ago.
Tim Sackton: I know that he was in Darbo 4 weeks ago, when the Chardonian navy captured the city.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if he's still in Darba. I,
Tim Sackton: Karnas does not see fit to keep me in his council
Tim Sackton: with these looters on our border. It's not been easy to focus on gathering news elsewhere.
Tim Sackton: and, of course, as you know, I'm
Tim Sackton: much preferred to be riding at the front of an army than sitting behind a desk.
David S. Kong: Politics is your unfortunately a part of your future now.
David S. Kong: But
David S. Kong: But this has been helpful. Thank you for. Thank you for sharing the updates, and glad that
David S. Kong: things are in a greater state of calm. Now.
Tim Sackton: How goes you? I you've been unreachable for weeks.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we had to go to another dimension and deal with some.
David S. Kong: Faye related misadventures. But we're fine.
David S. Kong: Everything everything is well.
Tim Sackton: That's good to hear.
Tim Sackton: Faye are tricky.
David S. Kong: Oh, we know.
David S. Kong: Oh, we know Tricky is the right adjective.
David S. Kong: But hopefully we'll we'll be able to come, visit and see see you in Tokra before before long
David S. Kong: on yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just returned here from riding the border. Havdar is still organizing
Tim Sackton: some war bands to deal with bandits.
Tim Sackton: but until there's peace there won't
Tim Sackton: formal piece. Anyway, it's not like there's going to be trade with charlatan to begin with. So.
David S. Kong: Do you have any contacts in Chardon, anyone, close or official, otherwise, that we might be able to contact.
Tim Sackton: I mean you remember, I've only been.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I was just asking.
Tim Sackton: Sort of laughs. No, I have not been to Chardon.
David S. Kong: Just figured during this whole period of turbulence. If you were interacting with anyone. But if not, that's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's tricky.
Tim Sackton: The messenger symmetry.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Go ahead!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sorry. It just strikes me as a funny symmetry that we were just in the Feywild freeing a queen who had been trapped in an extra dimensional prison for an interimate amount of time.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You do have a bit, you are! She laughs.
Tim Sackton: and she sort of laughs. Down with. Is she gonna join our support group.
Mike Sackton: I think she's a different
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It moves in different circles.
Mike Sackton: Yeah
Mike Sackton: Her entrapment, I think, was of a different nature.
Mike Sackton: and Chi, I think, is of a different nature.
Mike Sackton: Add.
Tim Sackton: Buffet.
Mike Sackton: And and she is not an ordinary Faye
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: She is probably one of the few
Mike Sackton: original Faye
Mike Sackton: still alive.
Tim Sackton: By any chance, while you were passing through the Feywild happened to check to make sure that Agata is still imprisoned.
David S. Kong: Oh, good question!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Didn't, didn't come up.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I'm sure that's fine. That whole situation.
Mike Sackton: But wait, hold on! We had a way of sending a message to Cloud Spinner right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well. Welby puts his hand over the phone for just a sec. She's definitely escaped by now, right.
David S. Kong: I'm sure she's totally not in captivity.
Mike Sackton: She hasn't just.
Mike Sackton: There's no trows off.
David S. Kong: I'm sure it's I'm sure that situation is totally under control.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Just remind me we didn't. The cloud spinner weave us with a way to contact her.
Tim Sackton: The Clouds bearer gave Welby a hat that functions as a.
Mike Sackton: So we could go back.
Tim Sackton: As a plane shift token for the for amberglow. Specifically. So you can plane shift to any location in Amberglow.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe we should ask Cloud Spinner to check up on her.
Mike Sackton: She, Agatha, did betray cloud spinners allies right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, you know, we might just wanna inform the cloud spinner of Agatha's fate, and just ask her to make sure that you know
Mike Sackton: she stays where she belongs.
Mike Sackton: That might have been a good thing to
Mike Sackton: remind her of when we were there, but we had other problems.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Anything else I can.
David S. Kong: Tell you now, what are you doing next?
David S. Kong: We're still deciding. We'll we'll let you know how things unfold. But you can reach us, obviously at any time. But we'll we'll let you know we. We may investigate things a little bit further and chart in.
David S. Kong: but there's some loose ends to tie up there, but.
Tim Sackton: You know you'd be welcome anytime. You wish to visit Tokara.
David S. Kong: We definitely will be back to Tubu Tokra sooner than than later. My my staff Misses Tokra, for sure.
David S. Kong: Thank you. Thank you, Sarah.
David S. Kong: Hmm!
David S. Kong: Do we? How do we contact people far away other than sending stones.
Tim Sackton: Dreams, Dallas.
Mike Sackton: You can cast dream which lets us lets anybody talk to somebody, but they have to be asleep.
Tim Sackton: And Riswin can cast. Well, maybe doesn't have sending prepared.
Tim Sackton: so that doesn't help you. But.
Mike Sackton: In general can cast, sending.
David S. Kong: And then, doesn't somebody have telepathy.
Mike Sackton: Sneaker can create a telepathic circle, but it only works if you're nearby. When when.
Tim Sackton: When the spells cast, and it only lasts for an hour anyway. So.
David S. Kong: And then we can kind of do telepathy mediated through through Welby.
Tim Sackton: You can have, like tag team conversations through Wellbe. As long as you're all within line of sight of Wellbe.
David S. Kong: I'm just thinking, because once we leave riswin and seeker, then I guess, dealt with in
David S. Kong: 10 zone. Well, we can still communicate with each other. But just
David S. Kong: gotta be line of sight, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And right now I'm just kind of thinking about ways to contact his his connections in Chardon, just to kind of see what's going on there, and maybe the best way to do this is through dreams with Della.
Kate Sackton: I do have sending
Kate Sackton: active so I could help you do some sending before we leave, because it's anybody that I've interacted with. So.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: We have those folks in charting that we talked, that we just talked about the dwarf scholar.
David S. Kong: I'm I'm forgetting. But, Tim, we met with some of like my like friends in Triton when we were there the 1st time, right.
Tim Sackton: I mean you stayed with Kiso.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But he's since fled, Charlton.
Tim Sackton: He has fled, but I for now.
David S. Kong: I'm forgetting. But I'm assuming that, like Kenzo when he was there, you know, he's got a small, small kind of but you know, loyal network of like a few people that he knows that. Still, he's still in touch with.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you know, Kenzo grew up there. He was
Tim Sackton: certainly like he grew up on the streets in the lake bad neighborhood and
Tim Sackton: was taken. You were taken in by
Tim Sackton: Kaiso. Right? And he sort of taught you stuff, and you would have. You certainly would know people. But then, like you were gone, for
Tim Sackton: it's probably been what 5 years since you lived in Chardon, and you know, without
Tim Sackton: it's not like Kenzo's, had a lot of spare time to be writing letters.
David S. Kong: No, but I'm just thinking just like when we went back with queso like, did I did tenzo, like, you know, kind of re-bump into at least like a cop. I'm just thinking like, are there? Are there a couple of like Tenzo's, like friends through Queso that are part of the not the Chardonian resistance, but kind of you know, I mean Queso was part of the Chardonian resistance, you know. So he had.
David S. Kong: He had some people that he, you know
David S. Kong: I'm just thinking if there's like a person or 2 that Kenzo know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Kenzo definitely would have like some, you know, some people he knows mostly from the kind of
Tim Sackton: you know, either just from the streets like.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Or kind of people he met through Kaisa, I mean, Kaisa was sort of
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't say there was anything as organized as a Chardonian resistance. There was just a group of people who it was like the sort of.
David S. Kong: And or there's there's a bunch of loose, you know, kinda you know, resistance groups out there kind of doing stuff that aren't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but I mean queso was always more in the sort of like he would have been the like. You know, the
Tim Sackton: the Socialists in the Paris coffee houses, or something like that sort of
Tim Sackton: it, wasn't like. There were people actively working against the State. They were just kind of like an intellectual foment of like.
David S. Kong: I see.
Tim Sackton: Things that aren't good here.
David S. Kong: Mechanistically. Kenzo wants to spot to speak with one of those people, either through dreams or through sending right now, if we don't have anything else to do just to like.
David S. Kong: do a little check it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So
Tim Sackton: I think, like the last time you were in charge, and you passed through quite quickly. And you really your time was pretty much occupied
Tim Sackton: entirely with your like mission, so I probably you didn't really reconnect, spend much time reconnecting.
Tim Sackton: But of course, like you, only it was only 5 years ago that you left so like there's a decent chance that anybody you.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: From your Kansas childhood you reach out to is like still.
David S. Kong: Would it be best to do that? Why, I check it out. Should I do that with streams like wait till later in this evening, or or just kick the.
Mike Sackton: Sending is only 25 words.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, yeah, let's do dreams. Then we'll we'll we'll wait till my time for that.
Mike Sackton: Dream is like a whole conversation.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Alright. We'll do that later.
David S. Kong: What else do people want to do before sunset? It's gonna something's gonna happen at sunset.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Dallas, feeling very like, let's you know.
Mike Sackton: Look around, see? Sorry I'm getting distracted by looking at Avery, looking around.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was very like, let's chill and like, have some food and chill out and like.
Mike Sackton: it doesn't feel like we're in a huge rush to go to Chardon.
Mike Sackton: It. It's nice to just like sit around well provisioned house, and
Mike Sackton: not feel like we have to save the world so
Mike Sackton: dealt with, I mean, you know. Tell some stories.
Mike Sackton: It
Mike Sackton: you know I don't. I don't think we're in a rush to even leave tonight. Necessarily, I mean in Dallas View.
Mike Sackton: hanging out for 3 or 4 days before everybody disappears, is just as appealing as going right away right like he'd say, Well, is anybody in a rush.
Mike Sackton: Do we need to leave tomorrow tonight? Let's, you know.
Mike Sackton: take a few days and like
Mike Sackton: make some plans. And also, you know, just tell some stories, and like eat some food, and
Mike Sackton: he sent his his links out earlier to gather food
Mike Sackton: so you could have a bit of a feast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Make a big meal for everyone on the land, the ship, and have it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like everybody should come down. We should like get the bonfire going. And you know, some music
Mike Sackton: like that was very much in like a let's let's like.
Mike Sackton: let's just relax for a couple days. Doesn't sound like there's anything we need to do tomorrow.
David S. Kong: Wow! Kenzo's like actively trying to ferment the Ardonian revolution. But he she's doing that quietly.
Mike Sackton: You're out.
Mike Sackton: Take a few days to. I mean, you know, we're gonna teleport in there. So like
Mike Sackton: if we if we had to ride. It would take us 2 weeks to get there right.
Mike Sackton: so we could chill for a couple days and.
David S. Kong: Totally.
Kate Sackton: Definitely don't want to miss out on an offer of Bella's cooking.
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike Sackton: And like it would be nice to spend. You know, we have a lot of these hirelings who have gone through quite a bit like these followers on our ship.
Mike Sackton: who've like, followed us through, like all kinds of kind of terrifying things. Several of them have died on our behalf, and then bring brought back to life, and like
Mike Sackton: I don't know we haven't really like. Had a aller appreciation day right like.
David S. Kong: Appreciation, Dinners, True.
Mike Sackton: Staff appreciation dinner right? Like we got. You know, we gotta do that right like like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go go around the table and say 2 things you appreciate about the people on either side of you.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: The little mixer get the Orcs talking about the you know, humans and the humans talking about the dwarfs and
Mike Sackton: the half we we have a halfling right? No, or is it only mile.
Tim Sackton: It's.
David S. Kong: Who's that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we got an elf. Get the elf talking about the you know.
Mike Sackton: halflings and the halflings. Yeah, get everybody kind of mixing up, you know, no 2 species can sit next.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's have a whole mixture. I love it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: You know proper, proper like, you know. Staff retreats get together, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like.
David S. Kong: I feel that.
Mike Sackton: Like, let's, you know.
David S. Kong: So before dinner, around sunrise, sunset, Kenzo kind of goes over
David S. Kong: off, you know, still visible, but off to the side
David S. Kong: And and it goes into a meditation, and he often does this at sunset and sunrise. But
David S. Kong: you notice something a little different, like Kenzo sits there, and and it's it's meditating.
David S. Kong: And then, like as the sun starts going down.
David S. Kong: you start noticing, like Kenzo is like kind of shimmering like you're kind of watching him, and he's sort of like sort of like the like. The distance, like the sunset, is also shimmering, and Kenzo starts shimmering, and then, like the sun, slowly starts to disappear over the horizon, and then you're kind of watching for those that are noticing. And then Kenzo is shimmering and the sun's shimmering, and then the sun's slowly disappearing, and then Kenzo just totally disappears and is gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bobby looks around very carefully.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is he invisible, or is he gone? Gone?
David S. Kong: He's
David S. Kong: you, you, I mean, how do you try to? What do you try? Are you trying to sense him, or what are you? What are you looking for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): looking at all the signs, looking and listening. I'm feeling the way the air currents are disturbed by the presence of an object that's not there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the sound of movement, the sound of his breath, and and on and on.
David S. Kong: Them.
Mike Sackton: Are you there, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a lot.
David S. Kong: There!
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo is not there.
David S. Kong: I mean God, you know Kenz was doing the thing. I don't know what. I don't know. If I'm there. I'm actually not sure.
Mike Sackton: But Kenza doesn't hear the are you there, Kenza, and respond.
David S. Kong: Do I hear that, Tim?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, I can hear that. Oh, that's cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wilby wanders over to where Kenza was, and just kind of goes like this.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David S. Kong: This as a wait. So Tim does, Kenzo see? Will be like, walk up.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay, all right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you go up to like exactly where where Kenzo is, and kind of like, yeah, you hear? Kind of like a very faint voice, and it's like.
David S. Kong: wait.
David S. Kong: Well, Welby, I think you're standing on me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, Kenza, if you're not here, it means we don't have to go to Chardon.
David S. Kong: This hasn't happened before I'm I'm I'm here, but I'm also not here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is this is interesting.
David S. Kong: She's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is the place that you aren't.
David S. Kong: Kenza's like Welby. Hold! Hold out your hand like hold out your palm like this.
David S. Kong: and like like you, you kind of see, like a very faint palm like like, and and you 1st like it's it's you can kind of touch it.
David S. Kong: And then all of a sudden, you kind of like at the palm, like kind of passes through, and then it's not there anymore.
David S. Kong: And then it kind of comes back. And then
David S. Kong: and then, you know it comes to us like I'm I think I'm sheer, but like here.
Mike Sackton: Like ghostly.
David S. Kong: Almost as though almost as though I'm fading into the astral realm.
David S. Kong: Kenzo Kenzo, at 17th level, is able to transform into a spirit, form.
Tim Sackton: So as as your hands connect, like Kenzo, like solidifies a little bit. But
Tim Sackton: I would think that Kenzo looks like. However, Kenzo imagines himself to look, instead of how he actually looks.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It was a different name.
David S. Kong: More handsome. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like perfectly well adjusted.
Tim Sackton: but he's also like his feet are like, you know, 2 feet into the ground, and then he slowly adjusts, and he, like floats up a little above the ground.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenzo is like playing around. But yeah, he's at 17th level. He can turn into an astral form now which I did not know about. So thanks for letting me know I can do this.
David S. Kong: That sounds pretty good.
David S. Kong: I can turn into an astral form for an hour.
David S. Kong: and I can pack, pass through objects
David S. Kong: and like get special like fighting abilities. So.
Tim Sackton: Pretty cool. Don't forget about.
David S. Kong: And I can fly. Yeah, I can fly.
David S. Kong: But this is this is the 1st time, like Kenzo is actually, you know, kind of transmuted into an astral form.
Mike Sackton: That's pretty useful.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I didn't know that happened at 70 double for monks. It's pretty cool right.
Tim Sackton: So that's that's your that's your subclass. That's awakened souls. Ability.
David S. Kong: Oh, not all monks can do this!
Tim Sackton: No, not all monks can do that.
David S. Kong: So cool.
David S. Kong: Wow! I'm even harder to hit now.
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't actually make you harder to hit.
David S. Kong: What?
David S. Kong: Oh, if I end my turn inside an object, I take 5 force damage. Oh, that's that's too bad!
Tim Sackton: You can't just lurk out inside objects.
David S. Kong: Although 5 fourths damage isn't that much, so maybe it's better to.
Tim Sackton: I might have to change that. The idea is not that you can just hide underground.
David S. Kong: Well, no, it's more like I'm gonna like, I'm gonna like, walk into the middle of the dragons intestines and then solidify and like, you know, explode my explode inside of it.
David S. Kong: That's what I want to do, you know.
David S. Kong: See what happens there anyways.
Kate Sackton: You know how to have fun, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Well, let's see if there's like a cool, you know.
David S. Kong: Make it keep doubling.
Eric Rosenbaum: The force damage for each round here.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's a good one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Solid object.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Wow! That'll kill!
Tim Sackton: Be quick!
David S. Kong: Anyways, that's what happens at sunset.
Mike Sackton: Cool.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's like Kenzo, and we'll be like, are just kind of like shadow boxing like Kenzo's like trying to like figure out like.
David S. Kong: I'm solid. I'm not solid. I'm solid. I'm not solid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby rapidly escalates to seeing if he can actually hit you.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Kenzo rapidly escalates into like trying to like, you know, Dodge, and hit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, he's not any harder to hit than he usually is, which is pretty hard.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: so as you so a couple of things. One is
Tim Sackton: So so as you do this, you see, like Avras over in the
Tim Sackton: corner, kind of watching you with a smile on his face
Tim Sackton: one of the only remaining
Tim Sackton: masters of the Order of the awakened soul.
Tim Sackton: But even he has not
Tim Sackton: progress to this level of connection with the
Tim Sackton: with this sort of spirit realm and the plane of consciousness, and just kind of
Tim Sackton: you know, he was never really your teacher much, but, like he. He was the one who originally taught you stunning strikes like a year ago.
Tim Sackton: And of course
Tim Sackton: helped like get you connected and grounded after you went through the whole Bishma initiation thing.
Tim Sackton: and there's clearly like a sort of look of of pride in his eyes as he's sort of smiling.
Tim Sackton: Watching across the
Tim Sackton: the desert, not interrupting the moment. Exactly, but just kind of, you know, aware and
Tim Sackton: and watching.
Tim Sackton: So as you settle down to a dinner, a raucous dinner with everybody.
Tim Sackton: Riswin and the Orcs, and everybody sort of talking about what's next, and
Tim Sackton: a sort of general mood of
Tim Sackton: just relaxation sort of spreading across the group, as
Tim Sackton: many of the people you've traveled with have really only ever
Tim Sackton: experienced their lives as chasing you from crisis to crisis.
Tim Sackton: And now it sort of seems like, maybe they, you know.
Tim Sackton: this, at least, is a moment where that doesn't feel like it's happening.
Tim Sackton: Amal, as Amil as is his want is always cheerful and happy, and just like trying everything that deal with made and like complimenting the food, and.
Tim Sackton: you know, dragging everybody off their feet to dance.
Tim Sackton: Agnir, the elf is normally
Tim Sackton: quite quiet and sort of meditative and sort of stays in the background, just focused more on plants than people.
Tim Sackton: Comes out of the shell a little bit.
Tim Sackton: micca copper harp. One of the halflings is a great musician, and, you know, takes up
Tim Sackton: whatever he plays, I don't know what it is. I'll make up something. Faldrick. Of course
Tim Sackton: you know it's Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: He has not experienced his life as chasing you from crisis to crisis. He's experienced it as
Tim Sackton: arousing adventure, full of interesting situations, has taken the lesson that
Tim Sackton: the right thing to do in any situation is to run towards whatever seems most interesting.
Tim Sackton: but even he is, seems a little calmer and more relaxed than normal here, and is spending the time.
Tim Sackton: Playing with his mechanical fire, breathing parrot.
Tim Sackton: That was the beginning of his adventure with you, was taking it to the
Tim Sackton: forge elemental forge to teach it how to fly.
Tim Sackton: So the evening proceeds late into the night, as you talk and recount stories, and you know.
Tim Sackton: talk to your followers and companions, and Pavan Alvarez, who now, you know.
Tim Sackton: represent kind of a full circle for Darwyth and Kenzo at least.
Tim Sackton: But really, all of you, as you 1st met them before you even knew that garage existed, and
Tim Sackton: when you still had no idea what was going on in the desert.
Tim Sackton: So the evening proceeds.
Tim Sackton: You know Faldrick's curious about what's going to happen to the ship. Where's everyone going next?
Tim Sackton: Curious if the
Tim Sackton: let's see
Tim Sackton: if Puatar, the place that fasto charmed them. To go seek in the desert is a real place, and if maybe that should be, our next adventure
Tim Sackton: is going to find the lost city in the desert.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: and get silence.
Tim Sackton: Kind of yeah. Well, if it's lost, it'll still be there for some other time.
Tim Sackton: And so, as you know, the night gets later.
Tim Sackton: Are you gonna cast some dreams a dream tonight? What's your plan?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Kenz is gonna go deal with.
Mike Sackton: I can cast it on Della. I can cast it on Kenza so that he could be the one that talks doesn't have to be me.
David S. Kong: Alright!
Mike Sackton: I mean, devils will stay up into the night like looking at the stars, and telling stories about
Mike Sackton: wars and new wars and recipes.
David S. Kong: Well, it's so nostalgic. What a what a what a change!
Mike Sackton: It feels like we've succeeded.
David S. Kong: Hello!
Mike Sackton: Think we'd ever succeed.
David S. Kong: I love it, celebrate the wins, I love it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton: you are reaching out like, what? What is the what is your target here like? Who do you.
David S. Kong: So so Kenzo reaches out to his closest friend, who is
David S. Kong: you know, kind of a rabble rouser that he grew up with
David S. Kong: just made up a name right now. Let's call him Xavier, and
David S. Kong: Xavier is around Kenzo's age, and
David S. Kong: you know they used to get into a lot of trouble together.
David S. Kong: And when Ken, when Kenzo got adopted by Queso Xavier, was also.
David S. Kong: you know, not fully adopted, because he has his own family, but, like was around a lot, and so also was under Queso's influence. And you know Kenzo's lost touch with Xavier. But he has a lot of shared kind of values, and that they all got. You know they all had like were experienced chelite damage and pollution, like, you know, Kenzo's got chelite scars. Xavier has chelite scars.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: He was. Xavier also was kind of part of the larger, you know, set of families that were impacted a lot by the pollution and the Cheli trade, and they they had similar, like, you know.
David S. Kong: anti-chardonian feelings like anti-chardonian elite feelings, and so on.
David S. Kong: And yeah, you know, Kenzo, left in a kind of dramatic had to escape kind of situation, so
David S. Kong: you know.
David S. Kong: might not. Might maybe like had a quick goodbye, you know, like 5 years ago, but hasn't spoken with Xavier since, and so sends out a message in his dreams. To to Xavier.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as you fall into sleep.
Tim Sackton: What? What is you can control the appearance of the dream.
David S. Kong: Great.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So we in the dream, the dream setting.
David S. Kong: It'll be this little, this square in Chardon, where, when we were little kids like, you know, Penzo and Xavier would go like run around and like in the marketplace, because they would go like steal food and stuff like that. And so there's like a particular stand that they would go to that had this, you know, kind of local Chardonian like set of sweets that they would like, go and steal stuff, and so they would often go there, steal this treat, and go to this alley around the corner and go eat it.
David S. Kong: And so in the dream, Penzo kind of appears like with Xavier, like sitting in that alley where they used to sit when they were little kids, like eating there, eating the little, you know.
David S. Kong: candies, or whatever that they stole from the market around the corner.
Tim Sackton: So as you appear in the dream.
Tim Sackton: Xavier is sitting next to you.
Tim Sackton: He is.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't look too changed, actually.
Tim Sackton: Except he's got a fresh like
Tim Sackton: broke like broken nose, and like a like a
Tim Sackton: big bruise across, like half of his face.
David S. Kong: Fresh like a fresh wound? Or is it like actually.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like a fresh wound
Tim Sackton: like a few few days ago, maybe a week ago. It's like, clearly, still healing.
Tim Sackton: And he's sitting and like eating sweets and just smiles and laughs to himself.
Tim Sackton: Now, what made me dream of this.
David S. Kong: And then Penzo looks at him, and he's like
David S. Kong: pretty good, right, almost as good as you remember.
Tim Sackton: Kind of starts and looks over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sure, isn't this me? Remembering.
David S. Kong: Oh, and Kenzo is dressed like himself, so he looks like like, you know. 5 years ago he was like looking like whatever, and now he's like in a like. Looks like a monk like
David S. Kong: like you just interviewed somebody that could like, you know, fuck somebody up and has his has a staff and stuff like that. And it's just like, you know.
Tim Sackton: This some wish fulfillment.
Tim Sackton: He's a brawler.
David S. Kong: He's what.
Tim Sackton: I said, is this some wish fulfillment? I could use a brawler.
David S. Kong: Kinds of laughs.
David S. Kong: I don't know. Maybe your dreams are about to come true.
David S. Kong: How are you, man?
Tim Sackton: I am good.
David S. Kong: By the way, you're dreaming right now. But we're actually having this conversation. Just so, you know.
David S. Kong: it's me that starts slightly.
Tim Sackton: Magic.
David S. Kong: What happened to your face not cognizant of it.
Tim Sackton: Got got caught in one of the brawls of about a week ago.
David S. Kong: I mean, you normally are kind of ugly, but this is worse than normal.
Tim Sackton: It's been crazy, man, you know the eightfold flame.
David S. Kong: That a game where the 8th will swim.
Tim Sackton: There's some new group that sprouted up in Chardon that you heard about from Rizwyn via the Crown. That's like riding against daylight factories.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Well, what's tell me more about them? I've heard a little bit what's going on with the eightfold flame.
Tim Sackton: It was the strangest thing, maybe 3 weeks ago, something like that.
Tim Sackton: A bunch of bureaucrats in the Chelite trade published manifesto, raking the stone, accusing the
Tim Sackton: merchants in the hetero Magico, who control the trade of all sorts of things like
Tim Sackton: they knew how dangerous it was, and they didn't care, and it was.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what happened there, man, I mean.
Tim Sackton: I would have never. I thought those people like money right, I mean.
Tim Sackton: can't imagine any of them kept their jobs after that.
David S. Kong: Wait. Sorry! Who's he saying? Publish something.
Mike Sackton: The Chelite direct. The the
Mike Sackton: bureaucrats in the Chile factory isn't all. Isn't this the people you made do this.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Oh! Oh! This is me doing that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: When I, when I briefly had the crown.
David S. Kong: Nice, nice, nice, okay. Laughs when he hears about this. Yeah. So they published an expose on themselves.
Mike Sackton: Yes, they did.
David S. Kong: Kenza, when Xavier's like Kenzo starts laughing hysterically. Okay?
David S. Kong: Oh, oh, I didn't know about that. But that's pretty funny.
Tim Sackton: I mean you laugh. But, man, it got out of control fast pretty soon. They were.
Tim Sackton: you know, preaching about.
Mike Sackton: How cheylight is.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: Hey, curse!
Tim Sackton: And you know any true believer in the
Tim Sackton: in Moss numina must reject the corrupting influence of chelite, even.
Mike Sackton: This one has the crowd.
David S. Kong: What's most?
David S. Kong: A minute again.
Mike Sackton: That's the main.
Tim Sackton: The main human religion in China.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay.
David S. Kong: that's when the whole eightfold flame.
Tim Sackton: Burning purity of holy fire.
Tim Sackton: But, hey, man, I mean, never in my life have I seen people rising up against you know
Tim Sackton: the merchants, Guild and the Chelite processors, guild and.
David S. Kong: And you know I'm not one to shy from a fight. So hey, I started punching, too.
David S. Kong: and that was a week ago. What's going on now?
Tim Sackton: For a minute. There we
Tim Sackton: managed to control the whole north bank of the Chaucan more or less.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the factories are all beaten to shreds now nobody could stop that.
Tim Sackton: Fires broke out pretty toxic there for a little bit since.
Tim Sackton: since the magistrates returned a few days ago, and
Tim Sackton: blockaded the bridges and imposed a curfew. Things have been a bit tough.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, man. Yesterday he issued the Imperial order.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. That's all above me a little bit something about improving safety in the chelite
Tim Sackton: processing and introducing some imperial licensure required for operating a mill and basically stripping it from everybody who
Tim Sackton: owned one. But I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Didn't seem like it was good enough to me.
David S. Kong: Wait. So the Emperor is trying to take back control over the Cheleh trade. Now that they're trying to stomp out the.
Tim Sackton: So that's all above my pay grade. I.
David S. Kong: I guess I'm saying, is he? He's cracking down, whereas.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's what it sounded like. But the
Tim Sackton: the leaders tell us it's not enough.
David S. Kong: Whitt, leaders.
Tim Sackton: They both flamed.
David S. Kong: Oh, they're saying the concessions are not enough.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Risma's crown. Energy is now all directed to the Orcs. Right?
Mike Sackton: Riswin. Yeah, where's your crown brain going.
Tim Sackton: It's not the these people are not, yeah, not even connected that. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So, whatever they were doing.
David S. Kong: Oh, this is what's on its own thing.
Mike Sackton: It's now going on its own. It's not the correct. Yeah.
David S. Kong: So is Kenzo gonna have to become the reluctant Emperor of Chardon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Kenzel's gonna have to become the reluctant Emperor of.
David S. Kong: Well, it's super reluctant. This is not something he wants, but he, if if you know, Kenzo needs to step in and like, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dude. That would be an amazing end to the Kenzo Arc, though, like that's.
Mike Sackton: Racks, to riches.
David S. Kong: Oh, it's just, I mean less riches, more just, you know, highly reluctantly needing to seize power to.
Mike Sackton: Sat very reluctant.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I've been super reluctant, you know.
David S. Kong: Enzo doesn't want this. He wants to go sit by the ocean.
David S. Kong: He doesn't have to like. Take the crown, and no.
Mike Sackton: Let's
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think we should like set up an audience with the magistrate, magistress, Emperor, whatever his name is.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: Concessions might actually be enough.
David S. Kong: Kenza.
Kate Sackton: So clean people have been kind of abused by our crown tug of war.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so so just and last thing, Xavier, thank you. This has been very helpful, and and I hope to see you soon. By the way I know this is all a little strange.
Tim Sackton: You're you're not near here, are you?
David S. Kong: No, no, but I have the one of my companions has the magic ability to teleport, so I might. I might show up sooner than later. But anyways ignore that, for now you're sleeping
Tim Sackton: You are a yeah nobody. The magistress has not rescinded the declaration.
Tim Sackton: describing you as an enemy of the State.
David S. Kong: Oh, so I'm still an enemy of the State.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still work to your advantage.
Tim Sackton: I I don't know what to tell you, man. I
Tim Sackton: when when rumors were going around that you destroyed the Kylos market with a portal to pandemonium. I was a bit
Tim Sackton: surprised.
David S. Kong: Oh, that wasn't me. Yeah, just so, you know, that totally wasn't me.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there was other rumors that it was all a scam, but I mean, believe those that this is.
David S. Kong: You always had it out for this city. I was like, Go go, Ken, I mean. I wouldn't have picked that exact form of revenge, but like
David S. Kong: no, no, no, that's not my style. That's not my style. Yeah, I've been shamed that much. Yeah, look so, okay. So this is the situation, who are the leaders of the eightfold flame.
Tim Sackton: That's above my pay grade.
David S. Kong: You think you can figure it out?
David S. Kong: I'm just a bruiser here. I know.
Mike Sackton: Ask him who his? Who's his boss?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Like. Who next up the chain.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Well, he's not in the April plan. This guy.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David S. Kong: No, I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: You must know somebody right.
David S. Kong: That's what I was saying. Yeah, like, who is? Give me? Give me a couple nits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so my buddy, Andros.
David S. Kong: Andros. Okay, is he in the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he's the one who rounds up muscle.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So he's my contact.
Tim Sackton: I thought about joining up. They just seemed a bit zealous.
David S. Kong: Are they kind of fanatical.
Tim Sackton: They were pretty, fanatical.
David S. Kong: Like religious, fanatical, or just, anti-chalite, fanatical.
Tim Sackton: Kind of just fanatical, fanatical, although I heard the strangest thing yesterday from Andros.
David S. Kong: What's that?
Tim Sackton: Like a bunch of the leadership just up and left.
David S. Kong: Of the eightfold flame.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: When when did that happen?
Tim Sackton: Yesterday.
David S. Kong: What happened yesterday?
Mike Sackton: Razor and let them go.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: No, I don't know what's going on. But hey, you know the chelate workers have momentum here, Andros. He was a
Tim Sackton: worked in one of the.
Tim Sackton: you know, the Chelite mills, smashing gems.
Tim Sackton: nasty scars running up all his arm
Tim Sackton: can only use one of his hands.
Tim Sackton: He's had it out for them ever since. I don't blame that, and I mean.
David S. Kong: So let me ask you this.
Tim Sackton: But he's got contacts. He he's, you know. He knows people up in the I hear stuff from him.
David S. Kong: Metagame. Are we going to have to go format a workers revolution and start like a Chelite union in the Chelite Workers Union.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
David S. Kong: That's I think that's what we're doing. Okay. But.
Mike Sackton: Mean. I also think we should well finish a conversation.
David S. Kong: So that's not. Andros is the this guy you're talking about? Now.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no! Andrew!
David S. Kong: Andreas. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: My friend Andres.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So you're saying that the chely workers have momentum right now wind at their sails.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's what it seems like to me. But.
David S. Kong: Are they organized beyond the eightfold flame.
Tim Sackton: It's all kind of confused right? That's I, you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Subaltar.
Tim Sackton: Andres comes to me when they need muscle.
David S. Kong: Did Andrews change at all in the last day.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Okay, it's good to know.
David S. Kong: Alright. Well, Xavier, this is, this is super helpful. And yeah, I guess before I go because I just you know, I know you're dreaming right now. But this we are having this conversation. Just so, you know. If I were to show up, let's say, in the next, you know, couple days is there a safe place? I think I could hide out.
David S. Kong: and maybe with a couple friends.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: So the magistrates has declared martial law now, and the legions
Tim Sackton: just arrived a couple of days like a big group of legions. Some fancy general
Tim Sackton: arrived a day or 2 ago.
Tim Sackton: they've, you know, posted all the on the bridges now.
Tim Sackton: cannot travel, cannot cross the river without you know their permission.
Tim Sackton: and the south bank is pretty quiet these days. I think I mean anything to protect their precious manners and
Tim Sackton: docs and university and.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So Kenzo names this like kind of area near, like the Jala factories, is kind of like a.
Tim Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: In Warehouse Place.
Tim Sackton: So that, like the geography of Chardon, is that most of the city is on the south bank.
Tim Sackton: But there's a small section on the north bank. That's like the poor neighborhood where
Tim Sackton: Kenzo grew up. And then there's some walls, and then right outside the walls there's a bunch of
Tim Sackton: like canals that connect the Chelite mines to the river.
Tim Sackton: or sorry the Cheleh, like mills where refineries is basically people smash up
Tim Sackton: big chain like gems to make powder and stuff and ingredients for magic items, and the
Tim Sackton: so the legions have sort of begun to infiltrate some parts of this northern neighborhood. The north bank, where Kenza grew up. But there's plenty of sort of pockets of that neighborhood that are.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Under that are completely not under improvement.
David S. Kong: Kenzo basically names like a few spots, you know, that is that spot still, is that like, are any of these spots still safe? But he kind of names a few that that you know him and Xavier both know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's that's good.
David S. Kong: Perfect. So look! Are you still at names and address.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Where are you now?
Tim Sackton: Burned down.
David S. Kong: Sorry about that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I'm living with my mom and my sister now. Just above he names of market.
David S. Kong: Alright, perfect look.
David S. Kong: Don't tell anybody
David S. Kong: I spoke to you in in my dreams. I know this is a little weird, but just just keep with me on this.
David S. Kong: I I'm almost certainly gonna reach out to you again, either like this or I'm gonna see you in person. Okay, I'm either gonna find you at your place.
David S. Kong: But I'm gonna reach out to you again in a couple of days. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Just be careful, man.
David S. Kong: I'll be careful. Don't worry.
David S. Kong: Sleep well, friend, more soon.
Tim Sackton: You too.
David S. Kong: Cool dealt with, or Mike, were you gonna say.
Mike Sackton: I think there's an argument that we
Mike Sackton: set up a audience with the
Mike Sackton: magistrates. What we do too much else.
David S. Kong: And do what.
Mike Sackton: See what he's actually offering.
David S. Kong: I'll bring it in.
Mike Sackton: The Chatite workers.
Mike Sackton: What is this edict that he put out there? Get him to, I mean getting getting the
Mike Sackton: death sentence on your head withdrawn would be useful, and I guess dealings too.
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna say, maybe not just you 2.
David S. Kong: That.
David S. Kong: Stow up.
David S. Kong: I mean while we still have a death sentence that might not be the best way to get to do the whole audience thing. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, on the one hand, sure, on the other hand.
Mike Sackton: doesn't he want to know what gets going on.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does he even know about Apollyon?
David S. Kong: Really quick, Tim, who is the mattress, and has he been around for a while? Is this the same one? When Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: No, so Kenza does not know this guy at all. For the longest time his. The current magistrate's aunt, was
Tim Sackton: the ruler of the Chardonian Empire, and she, her family, had built their wealth on the Cheli trade.
Tim Sackton: like her grandfather, was one of the
Tim Sackton: Seva's grandfather, who was the previous
Tim Sackton: magistrates discovered Chalite in the North like 70 years ago, and the
Tim Sackton: Our autumn family built their power base as like J. Light traitors.
Tim Sackton: But Midas, the current magistros, like all that you all that Kenzo knows about him, really is.
Tim Sackton: you know he was a bit of an odd duck in the family, and was not, like most of his cousins and his
Tim Sackton: his family, and everybody was involved in the chelate trade. He.
Tim Sackton: like, had nothing to do with that, and went and joined the navy.
Tim Sackton: and he made a name for himself as a like when Kenza was in
Tim Sackton: Chardin you would have been hearing stories about Midas as a like dashing naval captain making a name for himself, fighting pirates in the Nevo Sea.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay? And how? How is the Tradonian Emperor selected.
Tim Sackton: It's very opaque.
David S. Kong: Really.
Tim Sackton: There's not any like formal process. But, functionally speaking, whoever commands there's a group of
Tim Sackton: the sort of elite Mage guard
Tim Sackton: which is a group of maybe 20 or so powerful wizards who served the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: Whoever commands their loyalty is functionally the Emperor, because they can destroy anybody else in the city.
David S. Kong: Slow. Okay. So those are the people that we need to take up when went over on our side.
Tim Sackton: And then you don't know how like.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has already gone from Chardon when Deva Arturian died, and Midas Atorian became the magistress.
Tim Sackton: That that's not like you don't know any of the backstory there, really, and it's not like Henza was paying attention. But you definitely would have heard stories about Midas.
Tim Sackton: the the naval captain, you know.
Tim Sackton: fighting pirates, and, like the rumor, was always that his power base was was primarily in the wind. Collars. Who are the branch of the
Tim Sackton: mage of the Wizards of Chardon that manage the canal and are based. They're like the they're like the elite mages of the Navy.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Tim Sackton: They're they control the winds, and they like get ships to sail very effectively, and things like that.
David S. Kong: Got it
David S. Kong: very interesting.
David S. Kong: should we do some role playing for Riswyn and or the or and or what's going on with the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Quadra, yeah, let's let's say, good. Let's let's let's say goodbye to residents. Okay.
Kate Sackton: So having been hanging out for a while and talking to the Orcs and Kethra, have they
Kate Sackton: seized on this with excitement and said, Oh, yeah, we've got some ideas, or are they hesitant like, where are they coming.
Tim Sackton: So they
Tim Sackton: they are very excited.
Tim Sackton: Newsgar has been, you know, collecting stories of
Tim Sackton: rumors about other groups of free Orcs.
Tim Sackton: and nobody's quite sure where to start. Nobody thinks that you can just go fight Thark, but
Tim Sackton: she believes one that there's people in like.
Tim Sackton: she argued. She's 100% on board with traveling with you, as is Kethra and her sister right? So this is definitely going to be your band.
Tim Sackton: Uzkikar is a natural place to start
Tim Sackton: at least to speak with the King and get some.
Tim Sackton: Have a little bit of time to like. Figure out more about how to use the crap.
Tim Sackton: What you can do with that.
Tim Sackton: and also like, if you need horses or you need
Tim Sackton: applies, or you need whatever like, they can surely provide that
Tim Sackton: other than that. She doesn't quite know where to start, but just hopes that, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: everybody is like pretty much has complete and total faith in Riswin. So they're like.
Tim Sackton: if you're going to do it, then let's do it.
Tim Sackton: But it probably does make sense to go to Uzgacar first.st
Kate Sackton: Brisbane has complete and total faith in their scholarship and their own leadership, and that this should be a partnership to
Kate Sackton: advance their best chances at better life, Sam.
Kate Sackton: Not just storming in there.
Kate Sackton: Is there any inklings of additional research that would be helpful, or groups that might
Kate Sackton: be contactable on our way back to Usgar from here, by coincidence, or is it all sort of
Kate Sackton: out of the way.
Tim Sackton: Nothing. I mean, she has lots of like little bits of rumors and things, owls, places one could look.
Tim Sackton: and like bits of information that she's picked up
Tim Sackton: as you've traveled around and stopped in various libraries like when you were in Poland. She had time to request a bunch of books and do some research. And then.
Tim Sackton: you know, you've there's been opportunities for her to study. So
Tim Sackton: she has a bunch of ideas. But you know it's a little.
Tim Sackton: They're all just sort of thin threads, and it's not obvious exactly where to start.
Tim Sackton: except that maybe, you know, the crowd will provide something or
Tim Sackton: But I think like riswind, can you know?
Kate Sackton: Did we start provisioning for like standard travel without a
Kate Sackton: airship or teleportation, and plan to get going where we're going.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Or we could wait around and see if wants to just drop us off.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: I was asking about whether there were any of these threads we wanted to pursue
Kate Sackton: as we traveled by foot, but if not.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's probably not. There's probably nothing obvious in the middle of the Garamjala desert.
Tim Sackton: although you never know what ruins one might stumble upon. But.
Kate Sackton: Although you can just cast word of recall and teleport to.
Tim Sackton: To Uzkar. I totally forgot about that, but because he hollowed a sanctuary.
Kate Sackton: How many people does that affect.
Tim Sackton: I think 8 or 12. Something like that.
Kate Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Well, then, that reminds we do have magic.
Kate Sackton: Never mind walking or airships.
Mike Sackton: Yep, power port's always the best way to go.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Teleport isn't something some sort of successful teleport right where to recall.
Kate Sackton: I'm not, you know. We only have one gifted teleport export in the party, and the other dwarf.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So. You know you had your party day. You got some information
Tim Sackton: over the next like, say, 3 or 4 days, let's say, just say 4 days get organized,
Tim Sackton: and then the next day, so 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: the 5th day after you
Tim Sackton: have arrived. So this would be, I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Let's see. June 14, th 1617.
Tim Sackton: So this would be on June 18th riz, when in the morning, you know.
Tim Sackton: Wait a sec for Schwartz to rejoin. But basically I think Rizwin will teleport off right.
Tim Sackton: and then at some point seeker is gonna
Tim Sackton: take off with the ship, although he can teleport you to somewhere in
Tim Sackton: somewhere in chart. And first, st if you want.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So that's his question.
David S. Kong: The teleporter someplace in charting.
Mike Sackton: Seeker is going to tell us. Teleport us somewhere in Chardon.
David S. Kong: Wait. But what's seeker doing now.
Mike Sackton: Isn't he going to go off and make magic items with Vintarna.
David S. Kong: I don't know. Did we talk about it? Sorry I was on the phone. I missed it. Wow!
Mike Sackton: Out!
Tim Sackton: It's up to Alex. He can do whatever he wants.
Tim Sackton: Maybe Eric wants to just join Chardon.
David S. Kong: Seeker, what are you doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, crap!
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Mike Sackton: You could come. Check out, Charlotte, to begin with, and then leave, you know.
David S. Kong: We could fly to Chardin on Vinderchardon.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long would that take.
Tim Sackton: Flying to Charta on Vindrasharna would take where you are. Now.
Tim Sackton: let's see.
Tim Sackton: Excuse me.
Tim Sackton: something like
Tim Sackton: I don't know. That's about 1,400 miles.
Tim Sackton: You can go 240 miles a day. So
Tim Sackton: about 5 and a half, 6 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: It's safe to bring the ship there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, what's the worst that happens.
David S. Kong: Where wait did does the ship level up? The ship level's up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we should be able to build them.
Tim Sackton: More bastion stuff.
Mike Sackton: There's a whole bunch of stuff we could do actually.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if you've got a bunch of angry weather, Mages, who are currently convinced that you unleash pandemonium on the city.
Kate Sackton: might not be thrilled to have your M.
Kate Sackton: Scary looking giant airship flying into their space.
David S. Kong: Is one of the bastion things. Can we make the can we make our ship invisible?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: Cover it with a cloud or something.
Tim Sackton: You had the opportunity to take that magic item, and you picked the icicle Turd instead.
David S. Kong: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? We did.
Tim Sackton: The ethical turret has turned out to be fairly useful, so I'm not sure it was a bad choice, but.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We can, however, create a demiplane within our bastion, which allows us to
Mike Sackton: have only Austin, our bastions, howlings, can open the door which leads to a demiplane which exists in an entry interventional space, and cannot be scryed.
Mike Sackton: That would have been really useful against the Polyon, but we can only get it at level 17.
David S. Kong: 17, now.
Mike Sackton: And hell.
David S. Kong: What's the what's the bastion thing that lets us fly our skyship like right over Chardon, and not be noticed.
Mike Sackton: Let's see, we could create a guild hall
Mike Sackton: a sanctum. I don't know what any of these do.
David S. Kong: What's sanctum? Do.
Mike Sackton: I'm looking. Let's see a Guild Hall.
David S. Kong: Can't somebody cast like illusion like can't seek secret cast like illusion on on the ship? And then we just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's like too large.
Tim Sackton: Too big.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A sanctum.
Kate Sackton: I mean, how far outside of Chardon would you have to park to not be noticed?
Tim Sackton: Pretty far.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wow! Sanctum's pretty good.
Mike Sackton: But it doesn't actually.
Tim Sackton: Only Rizwan can use that.
Mike Sackton: Wait? Does divine soul, sorcerer? Can a divine soul, sorcerer use it.
Tim Sackton: I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: as as very clearly intended for a high level therapy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but.
Tim Sackton: Like word of recall isn't even on your.
Mike Sackton: It is. It's on a divine soul, sorcerer, spell, list, because they have all cleric spells.
Tim Sackton: No, you cannot. A divine soul, sorcerer cannot have a sanctum.
David S. Kong: So I mean, I guess if we fly together close enough to the city, and then secret can tell, and we can all teleport together.
David S. Kong: Well, seeker can also do research in the lab anywhere. Right?
David S. Kong: Yeah. I don't know
David S. Kong: research lab on the ship. So it's like you don't have to go to the the Circle Island, yet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. It's totally fine either way.
David S. Kong: I say we all go together, and then we park that. We just keep the the skyship like kind of out of state.
David S. Kong: and then Seeker can stay on the ship and do research. I mean, obviously, whenever you're ready to go back to the Circle Island, you can. But for now you know that way. We can keep the home base like not too far.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Quite crazy.
David S. Kong: Yes, what's Seeker's 9th Level spell?
Tim Sackton: We don't know yet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, see? Hasn't decided.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I haven't even looked at it yet.
David S. Kong: What are the possibilities.
Tim Sackton: A lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot. Yeah, that's the difficulty.
Kate Sackton: All right. Be safe. Not too crazy. Guys.
David S. Kong: No risen, but now we're gonna die and stay dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no!
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: All the better for the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: I mean you can. You can raise somebody from the dead, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: That's true. I can. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Once.
David S. Kong: That's true.
Tim Sackton: You need to be a little bit more careful without rizzling.
David S. Kong: I mean, not that much more careful. I don't think we're going to be any more careful at all. Actually, we're going to be.
Tim Sackton: No, you probably won't.
David S. Kong: Of reckless that we normally are right.
David S. Kong: Well, riswin you were it was the crown was always meant for you. Good luck saving the Orcs or doing the Orc thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: We'll try not to die.
Mike Sackton: We'll be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I could take true resurrection.
Mike Sackton: You could.
Tim Sackton: Well, if you if you want, I mean you could just take wish which would let you cast any of the
Tim Sackton: lower level resurrection spells instead of true resurrection.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's the reason to take wish is to get access to all of those things.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: It's just a complicated spell to use.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could always take 2 9th level spells. You could replace one of your lower level spells with
Tim Sackton: wish, and then take another 9th level spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can. Oh.
Tim Sackton: I mean you honestly.
Tim Sackton: The downside to that is, you can only cast one netel spell a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: But you know what?
Tim Sackton: Oh, you could switch out Simlakum for wish.
Tim Sackton: because you can always just cast some rackum with wish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? That's interesting.
David S. Kong: Yeah, do that. That sounds smart.
Tim Sackton: It just means you spend your 9th level slot instead of your
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Instead of your 7th level slot. But
Tim Sackton: but you don't need to spend the rubies
Tim Sackton: if you cast wish. You just create a simachum.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's crazy.
David S. Kong: That's way better.
David S. Kong: And then you get another 9th level spell.
David S. Kong: Yeah, right?
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! You also don't need to meet any of the requirements of the spell. I mean, you can create a slot, some lacrum without
Mike Sackton: any of the requirements.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't change the it just means you can cast it as an action instead of 12 h.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: That sounds.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what? Wow!
David S. Kong: You should just do that for fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Listen.
David S. Kong: You should create a bunch of like AI agents that are.
Tim Sackton: But it still doesn't work.
David S. Kong: It's.
Tim Sackton: It's still.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't change the fact. You can only have one at a time. It doesn't change the fact that you like need to touch the creature and a pile of ice to create the thing like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Change any of the text description of the spell. It just means.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's still no simulacrum creating simulacrums.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no recursive similar.
Tim Sackton: And it's still. It still can't take rest. It still, can't it? Just yeah.
Tim Sackton: Take a pile of snow, touch one person and touch the pile of snow cast wish.
Tim Sackton: and then the pile of snow instantly transforms into.
Mike Sackton: 8
Mike Sackton: you grant up to 10 creatures. You can see resistance to one damage type you choose. This resistance is permanent.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But there's a 33% chance. If you do that, you can never cast wish again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Wait!
Mike Sackton: Ow! That's sorry. I thought it was only reshape reality that had that.
David S. Kong: There's a spell called reshape Reality.
Mike Sackton: No, it's an option within wish.
Tim Sackton: So wishes a crazy, powerful spell.
David S. Kong: Which sounds awesome.
Tim Sackton: You can do anything you want, but if you do anything other than duplicate the expect of a spell 8th lever or lower.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's a 33% chance. You can never cast the spell again.
David S. Kong: Damn 33% is that higher? Is that low that feels high and low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hi.
David S. Kong: Damn!
Mike Sackton: You have to roll a b 3, which is relatively hard to do. Yeah, yes.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could roll A. D. 6 and divide by 2.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's true.
Tim Sackton: And also.
Mike Sackton: Right? I thought that was only the reshape reality. Right? I thought, Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can't cast spells, for like a few days after you do it, and your strength score becomes 3,
Tim Sackton: and like it's all like it's really drains you a lot if you do anything other than duplicate a spell.
Tim Sackton: But it's still nice to have in an emergency, because if you need resurrection.
Tim Sackton: It's very convenient to be able to just wish to cast
Tim Sackton: raise that instead of having to.
Tim Sackton: I'm a clerk, and it's like for some Wackham. Specifically.
Tim Sackton: there's almost no circumstance in which you would prefer to
Tim Sackton: use your 7th level spell and 12 h as opposed to your 9th level slot, and an action.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So I would recommend that. Dump some wack and take wish, and then you can take another 9th level spell to have a real 9th Level spell that you can cast regularly because you're not going to use. Wish that often, because you're not going to read through every spell in the book and figure out like.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the best way to look at all of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's little spells like I'm using this thing called Wikidot, which seems like maybe not even fully correct.
Mike Sackton: Andy beyond is pretty good.
Tim Sackton: And he beyond's fine, but actually the easiest what I usually do. If you go to your character sheet
Tim Sackton: and you click, manage spells, and then you click the little box that says, add spells.
Tim Sackton: You can. There's a filter by spell level, and you can just click on 9th Europe.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Foresight is pretty good, too. Advantage on all all roles for 8 h.
Tim Sackton: This little, this little thing over here, right? So I went to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, I'm looking at that.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And then you can just click on the little arrows.
Tim Sackton: The little arrows give you the description of the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So rizwin. Anybody else who wants to
Tim Sackton: role play your good bad, or is when now's your opportunity?
Mike Sackton: Goodbye, Rizwin, but we'll see you again. I mean, this isn't like, you know.
David S. Kong: It'll be like the last time we left you to go and save the world by yourself while we hung out in Toland and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're just going to a different city this time. It's gonna be Chardon.
Kate Sackton: Okay. If you buy yourself nice clothes this time, buy me something.
Mike Sackton: We got you a shield last time, didn't we?
schwartz: Nice shit.
Mike Sackton: We got you something. Fancy!
Tim Sackton: Didn't get her a shield. That's true.
Kate Sackton: You did.
David S. Kong: That's good. There you go! I'll stop all of us.
schwartz: When? When will we see you again? Do you think.
Kate Sackton: Well, I don't want to run off in the middle of a campaign to
Kate Sackton: counter the long, lasting negative effects of a god, so
Kate Sackton: I expect that it will take a while. But, oh!
Kate Sackton: On the other hand.
Kate Sackton: you are very capable of ventures. But if there were some crisis that you needed to call me, you know I would listen.
David S. Kong: That's good to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how are we gonna stay in touch?
Mike Sackton: Magic.
Kate Sackton: Gotcha just magic.
Mike Sackton: Dream sending. Those are our main ones, but.
David S. Kong: What's what's the emergency? we press a button, and then Riswin suddenly appears in battle and
David S. Kong: helps us not all die.
schwartz: Wish, I think.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: There you go!
Kate Sackton: Shipping teleport one ally from somewhere in the material plane to your battle.
Kate Sackton: What does that spell.
David S. Kong: Do that as like a reaction.
Kate Sackton: That's right.
Mike Sackton: Do that with wish. You just have a 33% chance of never being able to cast wish again.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worth it.
David S. Kong: Can you reroll that.
Tim Sackton: I guess it's inspiration. I mean, you can always use heroic inspiration on it, because you can use that on any role.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's no.
Tim Sackton: But that doesn't.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna wish for more wishes. Then.
Tim Sackton: yeah, right? Don't think it works that way.
Tim Sackton: So you spend the day.
Tim Sackton: or spend the morning saying goodbye, and Briswin.
Tim Sackton: with the 2 Orcs and Kethra, vanishes in a twinkle of golden light, teleporting back to Uzkakar to begin
Tim Sackton: quest.
David S. Kong: Your teleport.
Kate Sackton: No, I teleport with my sort of recall today.
Kate Sackton: Sanctuary sanctuary there in Iskikhar.
David S. Kong: Wait! How do you teleport.
Kate Sackton: I'm deeply, religiously connected to the sanctuary that I created in East Kakar.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Kate Sackton: So I have a spell called word of recall.
David S. Kong: Oh, wow! That's cool, so you can go back to whenever you want.
Tim Sackton: You can teleport to Vindrasharna
Tim Sackton: your home in Thorntoder or Uzkar anytime you want. Well, by casting the spell. Those are the.
David S. Kong: Including in battle.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's just a action.
David S. Kong: Whoa! That's cool oh, great! So you can come find us anytime you want. We're easy.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. As long as you're with the ship.
David S. Kong: Sweet.
Mike Sackton: If I forgot my toothbrush or something, I'll come back to.
David S. Kong: I was gonna say, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So good night.
Mike Sackton: Night.
David S. Kong: Like Kate.
Tim Sackton: And the rest of you get on your ship and begin to fly towards Chardin.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: What playlist are we listening to?
Tim Sackton: This is my storytelling playlist.
David S. Kong: No, no, I meant on Vinder Sharna, like what like for the road trip, for the not the road trip.
Tim Sackton: Quest, to a.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Can we actually create some level 13 and level 17 bastion facilities.
David S. Kong: Yes, please, let's do some. Let's upgrade vintagena like. What's the like? Are we adding a plastic ball pit like? What's the what's.
Mike Sackton: Well, looking at the rules, we should add a pub
Mike Sackton: a pub lets us send people out to do information gathering. It's probably not strictly a pub, right? It's probably like something a little fancier, but and also it has a magical beverage on tap.
Mike Sackton: We could get a magical beverage that lets us automatically succeed, saving throws to avoid or end the frightened condition.
David S. Kong: What?
Mike Sackton: That seems useful, right?
David S. Kong: We can bring the beverage with us, or we make the beverage and.
Tim Sackton: No, it's on the ship, and for 24 h after.
David S. Kong: Wait. So like we have to like, be on the ship and then drink a bunch of stuff, and then we can fight people on the ship with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Now, succeed on saving throws for frightened. We can't be frightened.
David S. Kong: For how long?
Mike Sackton: 24 h.
David S. Kong: I can't be frightened, anyways.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: That's just Kenzo. But that's fine. Okay, but.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Other than the pub. Well, what else are we.
Mike Sackton: There's also we could create an observatory.
Tim Sackton: Can you already make an observatory.
Mike Sackton: Do we already have an observatory? We might already have an observatory.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we do.
David S. Kong: We can.
Mike Sackton: Create a war room which lets us recruit a hundred soldiers.
David S. Kong: That's useful, for when we want to
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure. Functionally speaking, a war room would work on venture.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's a little bit of a weird fit for Vindicharta. Right?
schwartz: That means.
Mike Sackton: 8 a demi. Oh, we should definitely create the demiplane. Absolutely right.
Mike Sackton: The demiplane gives us
schwartz: Proof against crying is one of the big things right like that could be. Our meeting room could be in a demi plane.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then you can. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not to accidentally bring the portable hole in there.
Mike Sackton: Correct. That seems useful. I mean, the sanctum seems useful, although it's not useful if we can't use it.
Mike Sackton: because it would give us an alternate well. Sanctum gives us an alternate way to teleport back to Vinceharna because.
Tim Sackton: But none of that.
Mike Sackton: Recall.
Tim Sackton: Have the ability to use a holy symbol or a drudic focus as a spellcasting focus.
Mike Sackton: Right, except that, oddly, I you have. When we created the level 5 1 with the same rules, you told me that that was actually, that's actually the Tanji shrine
Mike Sackton: that I've been using. The entire thing to get healing word has the same rules.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cause it's it's weak.
Mike Sackton: Right, that's fair. I guess I'm only a level. 3, sorcerer. It's kind of fair.
Mike Sackton: There is a
Mike Sackton: those are the best ones, I mean, those are the level. 17 ones are the sync.
Mike Sackton: the demiplane. Oh, a guild hall! What does that give us?
schwartz: Is interesting, but I don't know. I was looking at this earlier. I don't exactly know how useful it is like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's.
schwartz: Of income.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's not super useful, and it's a little bit of a weird fit for vendors as well. I mean, the best fit for vendor chart is a demi point. By sure.
schwartz: No problem.
Mike Sackton: Right. I think I think a a demi plane, and and
Mike Sackton: and a pub. But the pub is probably not. I mean it might, it might just have a
Mike Sackton: you know. I don't know what the vibe of our pub would be.
Tim Sackton: I mean, pub is just like the hot, like the copper harps, you know, like storytelling room, or whatever.
Mike Sackton: Right.
schwartz: Feel like the the pub also, though, would be like whenever like. If we touch down in Chardon
schwartz: like we, it would be nice not to have to manage this ourselves, but, like whatever city or place we touch down and like, we might pick up a few people right, drop off. A few people like adventurers to sort of populate that to do the stuff right would be like a a free, flowing kinda group.
Mike Sackton: We have an archive right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should, we should get helpful war about
Mike Sackton: the magistrates on our way to Chardan.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 7 days, but we could slow down right.
schwartz: We should show stuff to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Should. Yeah, yeah, we should also do that. Do we have a
Mike Sackton: we should have a meditation shaper, too. Right? If we don't.
Tim Sackton: You have one.
Tim Sackton: I think you have all your 13th level.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Right. You have the archive. You have the training hall. You have.
Tim Sackton: Right? Yeah, seeker's got an observatory.
Tim Sackton: You have Mediterranean and Meditation chamber.
Tim Sackton: These. I need to update these now that the rules are officially published, but I think they're mostly the same.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So over the course of the next couple of days, it's gonna take you roughly.
Tim Sackton: What did I say? 5 and
Tim Sackton: S round up, say, 6 days to fly all the way to Chartham. But you're probably not. Gonna wanna
Tim Sackton: take the ship all the way to Chartland.
Tim Sackton: So you know, just going going day by day.
Tim Sackton: You say goodbye to
Tim Sackton: Pavas, and after you say goodbye to Rizwin, you say goodbye to Pava and Avaros, and you know
Tim Sackton: they wish you luck on your journey, and again, sort of happy to see you thriving and having.
Tim Sackton: you know, developed in the way that you've developed, and over the course of the afternoon
Tim Sackton: and into the evening on through the night.
Tim Sackton: You fly across the desert.
Tim Sackton: Crossing Karawa probably. Let's see, that's 15 h. So as this, let's see from
Tim Sackton: yeah. So you leave like mid-afternoon. So like as the sun is rising, you cross high above the red
Tim Sackton: mesa and see the city of Karawa laid out below you.
Tim Sackton: From there, over the course of the next day you travel across the plains.
Tim Sackton: Reaching reaching Tokra roughly by the next dawn.
Tim Sackton: From there, turning somewhat slightly northwest
Tim Sackton: and flying over the Sungara plains, reaching the city of Sangara by the next dawn as well.
Tim Sackton: So let's see, that's why we have to make a note this so.
Tim Sackton: and if there's anything you want to do during the journey, like
Tim Sackton: free some people from the mirror, or have more dream conversations, or try anything.
David S. Kong: Well, let's try.
Mike Sackton: We should. We should probably scry a bit.
David S. Kong: Yeah, scratch some stuff. Let's scratch some stuff and chart it.
schwartz: And what? What should we show? The mirror.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: There was a bunch of stuff we wanted to show the mirror, wasn't there.
schwartz: I thought so. It's not coming to mind. But what.
David S. Kong: I totally don't remember anymore. But there, at the time, there's always stuff we want to show. There's like a list. There's like a whole.
Mike Sackton: There was.
David S. Kong: Long list of stuff. We always want to show the mirror.
David S. Kong: Damn it, I show it my boogers! No, I don't.
schwartz: Was there
schwartz: anything we picked up in the Fay Wild that we want to do, or anything from Chardon? Conceivably that we want to or.
David S. Kong: Maybe something related to Fausto. Wait. Did we kill Fausto? Yeah, we killed Fausto. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Dude. Have we killed all of our enemies?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
schwartz: New enemies.
David S. Kong: I'm really, I'm really like, so unexcited about becoming the unreluctant new Emperor of Chardon. I mean, it's like so reluctant that Kenzo would have to accept that.
Mike Sackton: You just said, becoming the unreluctant new Emperor.
David S. Kong: Yeah, cause he's unreluct. He's so so. Oh, unreluctant, yeah, so unreluctant.
Mike Sackton: Reluctant. I get it unreluctant.
David S. Kong: Unanimous.
Mike Sackton: I didn't reelected.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. 2 UN's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: So disappointing.
Tim Sackton: So over the course of this journey. Now, having reached Sungara, anything that you want to do.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we're scrying. We should, we should do some scrying and some some more more.
David S. Kong: Let's scrap some some charming stuff.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: What's going on in Fausto's old tower.
schwartz: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I always warded against crying.
Tim Sackton: You can only scry the outside. You can't scry the inside.
David S. Kong: Still, the board doesn't go away.
Mike Sackton: Try it.
Tim Sackton: No, doesn't work.
schwartz: Can we scry? How does the property ownership system work there? Can we like scry the deep Defustos tower and find out who owns it? Now.
Mike Sackton: We'd we'd have to know I could scry a creature.
Tim Sackton: Or a place.
Tim Sackton: You can't scry an object.
Mike Sackton: You can't scry an object.
David S. Kong: Feel like we should be the next owners of Bastro's Tower.
David S. Kong: I feel like.
schwartz: It would be.
David S. Kong: Next owners.
schwartz: It seems like it'd be a great dock for an airship, too, like a tower like that.
David S. Kong: I feel like that is our, that is our thing that we need to annex.
Mike Sackton: We wait. Wait! Hold on! Have we let the people who are no longer cleansed out of the mirror? Yet.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we should do that.
schwartz: Oh, they're not!
schwartz: Oh, Whoa!
schwartz: All right.
David S. Kong: Let them out where.
Mike Sackton: So wait. Who do we have in the mirror we had, Hector?
Mike Sackton: What else do we have.
Tim Sackton: You gotta.
Mike Sackton: Zonia.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's talk to them.
Tim Sackton: You gotta. There's a whole page about the the mirror
Tim Sackton: Here
Tim Sackton: you have the hobgoblin you've got, Hector.
Tim Sackton: You've got the Wyvern back in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: You've got the mage from from Ersk.
Tim Sackton: You've got Valius and Vargas, the
Tim Sackton: twin brothers who are merged into one cell. Oh, God! We should.
Mike Sackton: Okay, Hector, Vola. First, st let's let Vola out.
Mike Sackton: Let's talk to Vola.
schwartz: Yeah, talk before we let her out.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So here, here's flying over the desert. So you
Tim Sackton: summon Vola to the mirror, and she sort of blinks and looks at you.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, is that you? What's what's going on.
David S. Kong: Good question, what is going on? Everyone.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: Fausto is dead, and you're no longer possessed.
David S. Kong: Good things.
Mike Sackton: Don't you feel better?
Tim Sackton: What what happened?
Mike Sackton: What do you remember? What's the last thing you remember?
schwartz: Last November.
Tim Sackton: She looks kind of
Tim Sackton: Rosto
Tim Sackton: wanted.
Tim Sackton: I was suspicious of something.
Tim Sackton: You sent me a letter.
Tim Sackton: Maybe the last thing I remember was bringing a letter
Tim Sackton: that you sent after you left Chardon in such a dramatic fashion to my mentor Agon.
Tim Sackton: who made some pretty strong claims about you.
Tim Sackton: that you were
Tim Sackton: a little bit fuzzy, the details working in some capacity for trying to destroy Chardon, trying to
Tim Sackton: make people less safe, something about dangerous magic.
Tim Sackton: and that you need to be hunted down, and I asked for
Tim Sackton: a day to consider what to do, and that's all. Last. I remember going to sleep that night.
Tim Sackton: but now you seem to have trapped me, puts her hands up.
Tim Sackton: Seems like everybody wants me in a prison of some kind.
Mike Sackton: You were possessed by
schwartz: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Course controlled by Fausto, and sent to
Mike Sackton: hunt us along with Cadmos and
Mike Sackton: Cassian, and a number of others.
Tim Sackton: I never work with that asshole.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you obeyed his orders quite willingly.
Mike Sackton: You were possessed. You weren't yourself.
David S. Kong: We'll give you a pass.
Mike Sackton: And and we didn't know how to cure you, but
Mike Sackton: we didn't want to kill you.
schwartz: So we put you in here here for safekeeping.
Mike Sackton: Until we could figure out a solution which we did a day or 2 ago.
schwartz: Enzo, can you select.
Mike Sackton: Now we're talking to you to see if it worked.
Tim Sackton: Not to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: But you seem yourself not like when you were hunting us.
Mike Sackton: You didn't really seem to remember at least much of a who you were.
Mike Sackton: But I'll still was working for or whiz the villain from Drankor, who sought to
Mike Sackton: cleanse Chardon of all of its impure influences.
Mike Sackton: meeting anybody not
Mike Sackton: of the correct bloodline and lineage.
Tim Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: But Apollyon is dead now. Same with Fausto A.
Mike Sackton: We're flying to chart and to see if anything else needs to be
Mike Sackton: see what else might need to be solved.
Mike Sackton: Happy to let you free. If you are back to yourself.
Mike Sackton: don't know what you want to do.
Mike Sackton: Should we have killed you.
Mike Sackton: We've been extremely generous with you. You did dedicate your life to murdering us when you were possessed
Mike Sackton: at the behest of Cadmos.
Mike Sackton: I mean, thanks would be in order.
Mike Sackton: But take your time, take your time. It's a lot to take in.
Tim Sackton: I am just everybody's pawn, I guess.
Mike Sackton: Did we ask you for anything you.
Tim Sackton: Just kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: What do you plan to do with me?
Mike Sackton: I'll glance over it.
Mike Sackton: Seeker and well-being, Kenzo, are we at?
Mike Sackton: I I see no reason. I'll say this kind of carefully, but I see no reason. We
Mike Sackton: can't simply let you go.
Mike Sackton: Where would you like to be left?
Mike Sackton: We have this flying ship were heading to Chardon.
Mike Sackton: but we don't need to take you all that way if you would rather be left somewhere in Denmark.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: You can stay here if you wish.
Mike Sackton: Think about it.
David S. Kong: You can also just hang out on the ship.
David S. Kong: Is that what you mean by stay here or stay in the yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Tough. Losing yourself.
Mike Sackton: Finding yourself again, you can join our support group.
Tim Sackton: He kind of gives a snort, laugh.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: We do need to take a few precautions.
Mike Sackton: As I said several times the last time we saw you
Mike Sackton: you were hell-bent on killing us.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We defeated you handily. Of course.
Mike Sackton: We did.
David S. Kong: Wasn't very nice of you, though.
Mike Sackton: You did really try very hard to murder us.
Tim Sackton: If you say so.
Mike Sackton: And so
Mike Sackton: Forgive us if we're not, you know, jumping for joy to immediately reunite you with your weapons and set you free. We wanted to talk to you first, st
Mike Sackton: to make sure that Bausto's taint had left you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's your plan for when you get released.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: We could send you after Marcella. If you want.
Tim Sackton: I don't know her.
Mike Sackton: Her page on Tagover. Says she's particularly friendly with Marcella.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's why I mentioned her. I assumed we knew that because it's on her page on toggers.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey, yeah, okay. So maybe she didn't know. Marcella.
Tim Sackton: I'm just trying to use the notes here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, no. I should have checked my notes, too.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But she, because Marcella traveled. She traveled with fezdo after Marcella left.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But I guess I decided that she had met
Tim Sackton: Mercy.
Mike Sackton: No. No. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Tim Sackton: He did travel with them a little bit prior to splitting up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I see.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: Like, I said. I think I'll start bath.
Tim Sackton: and then I don't know but
Tim Sackton: have a hard time believing the stories you're telling.
Tim Sackton: I am not sad that festo is dead.
Mike Sackton: All of Chardanism chaos. The Shallite trade is
Mike Sackton: disrupted. There's quite a bit going on.
Mike Sackton: but that's for another day.
Mike Sackton: We are in a castle flying through the air, heading towards Chardon. So
Mike Sackton: you're welcome to do what you want. But if you want to get dropped off in Dunmar, decide soon.
Mike Sackton: but for now I'll speak the word to let her out.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Kenzel, I'll just gesture.
Mike Sackton: It's all site.
David S. Kong: Sorry computer, slow. So slight. Yeah, what's going on?
David S. Kong: Why isn't anyone talking.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she's
Tim Sackton: pretty confused and angry.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing unusual about her, or I'm
Tim Sackton: like it seems like what you've
Tim Sackton: seen when you 1st met her. She's like
Tim Sackton: more powerful than when you 1st met her, but not nearly as powerful as any of you.
Tim Sackton: yeah, she's like, you know clearly, pretty shaken up and like not really sure
Tim Sackton: quite what to believe. Given that she doesn't remember anything of what you've claimed happened and is yeah
Tim Sackton: anything else. You want to try and learn.
David S. Kong: When she was talking about Faso. Is she talking about like oh, talking to Faso in person, or like, I have, like, you know, whatever some telepathic methods, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: No, she was in Chardon, remember you went and you attack you like
Tim Sackton: went to Fastest tower, and you you met with her in Chardon. At the same time you fled because you were accused of
Tim Sackton: burglary. Fazdell, then, like tried to get a bunch of people to go hunt you down mostly failed.
David S. Kong: Does she know stuff about pardon like governance and stuff?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. She's certainly been there more recently than.
Mike Sackton: Let's interrogate her after her death, but I also think we should free.
Mike Sackton: We'll send her off to one of our hirings, like, you know one of our send her to the send her to the pub
Mike Sackton: right with all the or you know we have all kinds of nice stuff on the ship right?
Mike Sackton: I think we should also free the twins.
Mike Sackton: Ballas and Vargas, the 1 1 of them's not cleansed, and one of them is right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But we should free them too.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should talk to them first, st but also free them, and we should free Hector. We should, and Tony, I think we agreed to leave trapped for a couple of years.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Right. Oh, she was never quite. She was never cleanse.
Tim Sackton: If we defeat a polyon you were like. If we if we win
Tim Sackton: a year after a year or 2 after things settle down, we'll release you in some corner of Chardon.
Mike Sackton: But but Hector, Beliss, and Vargos, we should also talk to right.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And and
Mike Sackton: I mean the same basic story right about. I mean, Hector is different because we never knew him uncleansed right.
Mike Sackton: But let's start with the twins.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So they appear sitting sort of quietly chatting.
Tim Sackton: since they share a cell. And when that happens
Tim Sackton: valius like jumps up and looks out at you and says, What happened? I
Tim Sackton: pauses for a minute. Time is very strange.
Tim Sackton: Seems like a moment ago, but longer as well.
Tim Sackton: but Vargas he just he started talking like normal.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we. We cured him.
Tim Sackton: You did.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the curse is removed from everybody. It was touching.
Tim Sackton: So Frostow.
Mike Sackton: Bestow is dead.
Mike Sackton: The artifact he was using has
Mike Sackton: its power over everybody has been broken.
Mike Sackton: All the cleansed are back to themselves.
Tim Sackton: Can't believe that
Tim Sackton: I knew something had changed. I just
Tim Sackton: we have our lives back.
Mike Sackton: You, too.
Mike Sackton: Here I'll speak the word to freedom.
David S. Kong: Full site.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean again, like so valious, who was never controlled by well, was.
Tim Sackton: you know, just traditionally blackmailed by Fastel instead of if magically controlled.
Tim Sackton: you know neither of them are that strong. They're like, you know, mid low, level warriors.
Tim Sackton: is grateful and relieved.
Tim Sackton: His twin brother Vargas is a bit confused, especially because he never
Tim Sackton: like he doesn't remember ever meeting you. You never met him before, he went right on, possessed but
Tim Sackton: like is sort of leaning on his brother a little bit, and just kind of looking to him to gauge how he should respond, and
Tim Sackton: when his brother is
Tim Sackton: like, seems happy and pleased and not scared. He sort of reacts in the same way.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Mike Sackton: Why ain't in this?
Mike Sackton: We are. We are heading for Chardon in a flying castle
Mike Sackton: to see if there is any further
Mike Sackton: ball out Bausto's schemes that require our attention.
Mike Sackton: Would you like to be set down somewhere south of Chardon.
Mike Sackton: or would you like to return to the city.
Tim Sackton: There is nothing for us in Chardon too many bad memories.
Tim Sackton: I don't want to put you out, I mean, there's
Tim Sackton: with a little coin, get from horses and
Tim Sackton: go. Just put us down before we reach the border.
Mike Sackton: So in Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: Denmark is fine.
Mike Sackton: We are over Dunmar, we will be over. We would not set you down in this inhospitable desert, but once we are over the lands of Dunmar.
Mike Sackton: stopping briefly, would cause us no hardship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bet Sora would have work for you if you're looking for work.
Mike Sackton: We could give you an introduction to the Queen.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: You may not want to enmesh yourself in politics again.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure but I want to fight anymore.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: have a meal. Think about it.
Mike Sackton: It'll be tomorrow before we. You have to decide before that, though.
Mike Sackton: Did you know Hector or Vola.
Tim Sackton: Not really just by reputation.
Mike Sackton: I sort of gesture towards his brother, who's a little bit more confused.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, Hector has not known us in his uncleansed state.
Mike Sackton: I fear he will be more confused than some.
Mike Sackton: I was hoping that to find someone who knew him before he was cleansed.
Mike Sackton: But I'll ask Vola if that is not you.
Tim Sackton: Think!
Tim Sackton: There was a woman named Marcella who was close to him.
Mike Sackton: She is, she escaped some well
Mike Sackton: to the land south of Sabara
Mike Sackton: has found a path away from all of this.
Tim Sackton: Good for her.
Tim Sackton: as I'm glad to hear that didn't think anybody escaped Fausto's manipulations.
Mike Sackton: She did.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm sorry to say I never.
Tim Sackton: I don't know that anybody really knew actor. He was Faustow's dog for years.
Mike Sackton: Bob, he is no longer
Mike Sackton: enjoy our hospitality for the evening. We'll talk again. You'll find Vola in the dining area
Mike Sackton: if you wish to speak with another who went through your who was possessed by Fausto.
Tim Sackton: He looks over at Vargas, who sort of shakes his head at.
Tim Sackton: We've been talking Inc.
Tim Sackton: I think we just want to put this behind us as quickly as possible.
Mike Sackton: Of course.
Tim Sackton: Maybe go find him nice little inn somewhere where that needs a bartender and a kitchen staff, or something.
David S. Kong: I mean, we do have a new pub.
Tim Sackton: Looks over you.
Tim Sackton: He looks over your chef, looks over at your crew.
Tim Sackton: I I appreciate the offer. I really do.
Tim Sackton: But I had in mind something a little quieter.
Mike Sackton: First.st
David S. Kong: I mean pretty quiet a night flying over, you know, Algar, it's pretty nice. Honestly.
David S. Kong: Be quiet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean in fairness we are, we are attacked.
Mike Sackton: Semi-regularly, I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I was. Gonna say, it's quiet until demons from the Feywild come knocking on the door.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's it's true. It's
David S. Kong: It's kind of only exists in 2 states, either like very quiet or like, you know, horrible, incredibly powerful monsters from other dimensions, trying to kill us. So.
Tim Sackton: Look I no offense.
Tim Sackton: I greatly appreciate everything you've done.
Tim Sackton: but me and my brother have been enmeshed in the plots of powerful people for many years now.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And well, I have full confidence that being enmeshed in your thoughts would not feel nearly so slimy
Tim Sackton: as being enmeshed in Cadmus's plots.
Tim Sackton: Think I would like to try not being enmeshed at all.
David S. Kong: We support that for you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: That feels, that feels healthy.
Tim Sackton: But I appreciate your hospitality, and
Tim Sackton: we'll certainly take you up on dinner.
David S. Kong: We appreciate you appreciating our hospitality. So.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go ask Vola when she's done with her bath if she knew Hector at all.
David S. Kong: Yeah, actually, we wanna have a whole conversation with about charging. And she's.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. So a little time passes. The
Tim Sackton: bola sort of emerges, feeling a little bit refreshed.
Tim Sackton: She does not. She never knew. I mean, she knew Hector
Tim Sackton: like this. The story she heard about Hector was that, like you like, from as young as like when he was 16 or 17 like he
Tim Sackton: maybe not quite that young, but like early in his life, he's like, and he's like.
Mike Sackton: 23. According to Algar, Pda.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I think that's wrong. That's the typo. He should be 33
Tim Sackton: He like. But for like 10 years or something, he was always
Tim Sackton: Since anybody's ever known him, he was always like
Tim Sackton: Fausto's attack dog, who he would lend out to his trusted allies, and for a long time had been Cadmus's sort of bodyguard.
Tim Sackton: and nobody the only person you have ever spoken to who knew
Tim Sackton: anything about him before. This was Marcella, who said he was a sweet sailor with a beautiful voice.
Tim Sackton: but like I mean, people knew anybody who traveled in society, of open scroll circles knew of Hector.
Tim Sackton: but everybody knew him as like this.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: Incredibly loyal bodyguard who had basically no personality like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Never really spoke, you know.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: I was happy to talk to Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: While Vola's talking to Kenza. Well, you I'm gonna I'm gonna cast dream and try and contact Marcella.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So it's evening when Vola is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like he's.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're you're actually at this point. You're probably like, this is the day that you
Tim Sackton: this is the day that you're crossing the desert. We'll say so like this.
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow morning you'll reach Tokara, and that would be a reasonable spot to drop off.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So that's.
Mike Sackton: Off these 2.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And Vola, if she wants to be dropped off.
Tim Sackton: Right? Yes, okay. So Kenzo sits down to talk to Vola.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so, Savola.
David S. Kong: you know. Curious, since you were in charge most recently. Obviously. I think you you realize by now that we were not actually
David S. Kong: opening gateways to pandemonium in Chardon. We were thousands of miles away, and you know this is all part of Fausto's machinations.
David S. Kong: I'm curious, since you know I am from Chardon, but haven't been there in 5 years, I mean.
David S. Kong: who like who would be the key people that can help either clear our names.
David S. Kong: And you know, like Fausta is dead. Do you know what's going on on? Any sense of the
David S. Kong: larger kind of political dynamics that are at play. Now that there's a power vacuum there.
Tim Sackton: Kind of looks up like sitting in a sort of quiet corner with Kenzel I mean Kenzow.
Tim Sackton: you know my history right? I mean, we grew up in the same circumstances.
Tim Sackton: But don't.
Tim Sackton: I don't think I can help you. I mean
Tim Sackton: I awoke. I don't know when, but it seems like just moments ago.
Tim Sackton: with the like cold realization that everybody who I had ever trusted, I I guess, except you.
Tim Sackton: was not what they seemed.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's a lot I hear that.
Tim Sackton: And I.
David S. Kong: Look friends, I mean I look at you.
Tim Sackton: I look at your friends like you're lying
Tim Sackton: hundreds of feet in the air in an impossible ship.
David S. Kong: It is an impossible ship. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: With.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you are aware of how
Tim Sackton: you know I used to think of myself as a pretty talented thief. Right? I have some tricks.
Tim Sackton: I think any one of you could kill me without batting an eyelash.
David S. Kong: Probably true now, but I guess let's why don't we leave it at this like
David S. Kong: you've been through a lot?
David S. Kong: A lot has changed.
David S. Kong: I, you know, take a little time. Figure out where you want to go.
David S. Kong: but we're going to chart in
David S. Kong: Fausto's death has created a lot of instability. I think Fausto had a lot of
David S. Kong: I don't know. I mean to your point about our shared background.
David S. Kong: I think that now is a time where there can be some justice finally served.
David S. Kong: I'm I don't know exactly how things are gonna play out, but
David S. Kong: I'm hopeful for justice both in clearing our names.
David S. Kong: But also injustice for people like us, you know.
David S. Kong: And I think there's some movement that's been happening in recent, you know, weeks and months
David S. Kong: that are optimistic for the people from the neighborhoods that we came from, and
David S. Kong: I'm going there to both clear our name and also to see how we can support the best that we can. So if there's anything that comes to you in the coming days that might support us in that mission, let me know.
Tim Sackton: i i i appreciate that for you, Kenzo, but
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to think anymore.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's a lot that's a lot.
Tim Sackton: I mean agon he he saved me from.
David S. Kong: Who's Aegon?
Tim Sackton: Aegon was like her mentor, who
Tim Sackton: was turned out to be one of the cleansed and like, brought her to Fausto to be possessed.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit, fuck! Oh, that's fucked up. Okay, sorry. Go on.
Tim Sackton: I spent years looking up to him, and he always
Tim Sackton: told me, like, you know, we're doing good here the society is, gonna
Tim Sackton: you know. We gotta find all this stuff. We gotta recover all the old treasures to
Tim Sackton: keep bad things from happening.
Tim Sackton: And he was the bad thing I mean, come on, what would you do with that.
David S. Kong: Where's Aegon? Is he still alive?
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: But if he, this client, cool.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he was, he was not cleansed himself. He was.
Mike Sackton: Ow! He was.
Tim Sackton: Clan. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yay!
Tim Sackton: I can't remember anything for what? What day is it today?
David S. Kong: Say the date.
Tim Sackton: For, like 9 more than 9 months.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And that's not what really bothers me. To be honest, it's
Tim Sackton: 10 years before that. How can I trust anything I learned.
David S. Kong: Oh, I hear you!
Tim Sackton: Maybe she, like manifests one of her psychic knives.
Tim Sackton: Maybe this is evil.
David S. Kong: Here, Vola, come, come with me. Come with me. Kenzo walks Vola over to the the tree that's growing in the middle of the ship. And Kenzo kind of pauses at the ship at the tree. Where did this tree come from? Again?
Tim Sackton: The l, or in loss.
David S. Kong: And.
Tim Sackton: It's an elven. It's an elven tree.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Come, come.
David S. Kong: if you're you're up for it. Come and sit with me, and let's just let's just sit for for a little bit.
David S. Kong: Is she.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she'll follow you, and she'll set.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so I just, I just sit with Vola next to the tree. And like.
David S. Kong: you know, basically like, offer a blessing.
David S. Kong: like with the tree with Vola, and just kind of sit in meditation with her. And you know it's just like totally like her. Reality is all messed up. And just, you know, giving her kind of a container to just
David S. Kong: start the process of letting things settle no more questions, no more anything.
Tim Sackton: So, while Kenzo and Vola meditate, Dalwith sinks into a dream state and reaches out towards Marcella.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself appearing in a dreamscape.
Tim Sackton: How it looking, however, you'd like
Tim Sackton: Marcella, dressed in sort of
Tim Sackton: you know, studded leather armor like greens and browns carrying a bow. Seems to be looking well.
Mike Sackton: But it's just like a forest, and sort of querying in a forest or something.
Mike Sackton: I'll call out to her.
Tim Sackton: Enzo.
Tim Sackton: Strange Visitor Night.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: Or dealeth strange visitor in my dreams.
Mike Sackton: I came here to ask for your advice about Hector.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard any news out in the world of goings on in Chardon?
Tim Sackton: Just rumors.
Mike Sackton: Fausto is dead.
Tim Sackton: That I had not heard Hallelujah.
Mike Sackton: All his works of fallen away.
Mike Sackton: Those, he corrupted are freed.
Tim Sackton: Is that so?
Mike Sackton: It is.
Tim Sackton: This is a good day.
Mike Sackton: We have Hector here with us, trapped for the moment, but nobody knows him, and it's a bit disorienting
Mike Sackton: coming out of a years long trance with nobody, you know around
Mike Sackton: didn't know if you had any advice, for I recalled you had spoken of him once from before his
Mike Sackton: possession.
Tim Sackton: And the smiles.
Tim Sackton: Advice? I I'm not sure, but I always liked music.
Tim Sackton: He was a sailor, you know, before everything he was.
Tim Sackton: It was not what you'd think, based on flocks.
Tim Sackton: He's shy and like to sing, and to himself mostly.
Tim Sackton: and listen to stories not so much. Tell them.
Tim Sackton: I met him a few times just when he was in court. You know we we were
Tim Sackton: must have been teenagers back then.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what caught my eye about him, but
Tim Sackton: I always felt bad.
Tim Sackton: I mean you never talk much.
Tim Sackton: but you know there was a sweetness to him.
Tim Sackton: and he had a beautiful voice
Tim Sackton: never once heard him sing, since all the Fausto mess.
Mike Sackton: How are you doing? By the way, have you made it somewhere safe enough.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's not safe, not at all. But the dangers are
Tim Sackton: ones I am proud to face.
Mike Sackton: Things are changing in Chardon. I think.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm done with tartan up here in the Arbos plateau.
Tim Sackton: Our dangers are more immediate.
Tim Sackton: Strange monsters that come off the play glands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta go. You guys. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Hi Emory.
Mike Sackton: Today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good night.
David S. Kong: Good night.
Tim Sackton: Avery sleep
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have to run in a minute time. I'm like falling asleep where I'm sitting.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we should. We wrap up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I think it would be. I don't know what else you want to do before you get to Chardon, but I'd like to start next session in Chardon more or less.
David S. Kong: That sounds good.
Mike Sackton: I just. I just kind of wanted to free Hector, too, but we could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think like for Hector, like I I kind of like the idea of every day like we'll be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): calling him out, and like singing the the sailors chanties that he knew from the green sea, and like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): telling stories from his childhood on boats, and then slowly, like into that, starting to we over a few days, like starting to weave
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bits and pieces of our adventures, and like almost telling the story of what's unfolded in the world over the last 15 years as a way to try to like anchor him back to his past, and also bring him into the present.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: mean, we don't have to role play that out, indeed. But I like that. You know we can. We can put well, be in charge of
Mike Sackton: Hector's rehabilitation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was almost thinking of it, like, it's like an animal handling almost.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Right?
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: So just to clarify, just to make it clear like marcella is now like connected to the people in the like on the edge of the plaguelands, who are sort of south of Simbara, so maybe you'll run into her again when you go.
Mike Sackton: We'll kill the ooze. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: maybe to just wrap up with a little bit of narration to get us to chart. And 1st question is, so you're
Tim Sackton: parking the ship, where exactly.
Mike Sackton: Is there a map? I haven't opened? Roll 20. But is there a map in Roll 20 that you've been looking at.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Cause I mean I could open the map somewhere else, too, but I think.
Tim Sackton: There's the map in Tagaverse.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna I also have the map, if I just open obsidian to right like 5 different maps. But
Mike Sackton: but I think we want to.
Mike Sackton: The Tagaverse map is something's wrong with the Gazette here in Takaverse.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's the link is wrong. You can't click the world map on the
Tim Sackton: I have to fix the homepage link.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just go to
Mike Sackton: I got it.
Tim Sackton: Just click on the on the world map at the top.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So like, I think we go to like, let's see.
Tim Sackton: I mean, what's your goal?
Tim Sackton: You don't want to be spotted from Chardon, presumably.
Tim Sackton: but a lot of the hinterland is pretty densely settled. So you're going to be spotted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think we should park it over the ocean, because there's less chance of it being bothered like.
David S. Kong: Great Idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we're like 10 miles west of Chardon and a couple of miles up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it seems like a big range of.
Mike Sackton: I was. I was thinking over the over the elderwood
Mike Sackton: over the forest. I just don't. I can't tell how far that is.
Tim Sackton: The the edge of the forest is like 280 miles from Chardon.
Mike Sackton: That's like.
Mike Sackton: but it actually, you know what might be worthwhile here, I don't know. You guys tell me what you think of this. What if we, the problem parking over the ocean is? Then how do we get to shore?
David S. Kong: Teleported.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well, yeah, there's that I didn't. I didn't think of that.
David S. Kong: It's a little secret.
Mike Sackton: Yay!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fly of the Wyvern, Detroit.
Mike Sackton: But I was just gonna say, what about the idea of landing landing like
Mike Sackton: a hundred miles away, or whatever?
Mike Sackton: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We go.
Mike Sackton: Walking right and just gathering rumor like, just go with, go disguised poses, whatever right like we don't. We don't have to be like
Mike Sackton: we could easily disguise ourselves, I think, and then.
Mike Sackton: like what are people like? Take take 3 or 4 days to make our way to chart, and trying to just stop at inns and gather rumors and hear what people are saying and like.
Mike Sackton: get a sense of, rather than just teleporting in.
David S. Kong: I don't know, but.
Mike Sackton: Now we can just teleport in that. That's fine, too.
David S. Kong: My instinct says, like
David S. Kong: like teleport like, Go go to Xavier, you know, kind of near in the north part there like do the same thing. Do do the rumor gathering and stuff, but just do it in disguise and be low key. But in charted, I think we're gonna find out like you know.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, what if we, Tim, what if we just took an arc from Sangra and actually went
Mike Sackton: over the mountains, crossed the Emerald Bay, cut
Mike Sackton: north over the Apollian Peninsula, and then parked the ship off the north coast far enough away that it's like not very obvious.
Mike Sackton: and then just teleport to charted.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Time does that add?
Mike Sackton: Doesn't I don't, doesn't really matter. What do we care what time, how long it takes? As long as it's not more than a couple days.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: You're talking about.
Mike Sackton: It's like it would be like a thousand miles from.
Tim Sackton: You're talking about like maybe 1,400 miles depending on if you're trying to. I mean crossing apluria in
Tim Sackton: Hidden is going to be a little tricky, but, like manage. This is from Sungar, 1,400 miles versus
Tim Sackton: 750 miles, as the crow flies, straight to Chardon.
Mike Sackton: So twice.
Tim Sackton: Or, if you do, an arc into the elderwood and park in the edge of the Elderwood, you're talking about 680 miles
Tim Sackton: roughly.
Tim Sackton: I mean flying straight to Chardin is impossible that you're not going to be noticed. There's like Legion. There's like fortifications in the Myrini Gap, so.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Like you can.
Mike Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: Not high enough not to be spotted.
Mike Sackton: I think I think the I think the ocean path. I'm happy to do. The ocean path.
David S. Kong: Sounds good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Mike Sackton: I mean 1,400 miles. We can go 200 something miles a day right.
Tim Sackton: We're 240 miles a day.
Mike Sackton: So it's a week.
Tim Sackton: Fine, right?
Tim Sackton: So that's that's 6 more days.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just do that. That's fine.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do. That sounds good.
Mike Sackton: We'll we'll we'll drop the folks. We'll drop Vola off wherever she wants, or she can stay with us
Mike Sackton: right. We'll drop the twins off in Tokra or Sangra.
Mike Sackton: We'll keep Hector in the like, little thing, and we'll go the long way around
Mike Sackton: right, and we'll think of between now and next session. The 2 things we want to look in the mirror over this time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's look at Apollyon's crystal ball.
Mike Sackton: That's brilliant.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck! Do we have that?
David S. Kong: Oh, shit! That's awesome. Yeah, that's great.
David S. Kong: Yeah. And some just
David S. Kong: you know how like welby's like doing therapy for for Hector. Some combination of Kenzo and Amel will like sit with Vola every day, just like let her, you know, and she can. She can hang out as long as she wants to, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll I'll write an intro for next time. That kind of
Tim Sackton: touches on Fola and Hector, and
Tim Sackton: wraps that a little bit. And then
Tim Sackton: we can pick up basically teleporting to Chardon.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Mike Sackton: the other thing? Yeah, we can. I was thinking, maybe we should look at one of our crazy old pieces of jewelry from before the downfall
Mike Sackton: in the mirror from from Regemdos's Ford.
Tim Sackton: The more advanced warning you give me of what you want to look in the mirror, the
Tim Sackton: potentially more interesting, although sometimes it's more interesting if I just make it up on the spot, but not always.
David S. Kong: I like a Pollyan's crystal ball.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, definitely playing.
Mike Sackton: But we could do 2
Mike Sackton: if we're taking. If we're taking 7 days more flying, we can do one now, and one at the end.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, I think like one of these like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a locked spell book from the from where from
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry from the elemental forge horde like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that. If we knew what it was, it could conceivably be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We conceivably trade it for something like there powerful magic key people there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I like, I like the idea of powerful magicky stuff. Actually, right? Like.
Mike Sackton: we've never looked at the yeah. I don't know. A walked spell book is actually kind of attempting.
Mike Sackton: I'd I'd go with those 2. And West.
Mike Sackton: Anybody has other suggestions. The spell block from the elemental forge and the Apollyon's crystal ball.
David S. Kong: Sounds good. I like it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so good night, everybody. So we'll pick up next time. Hopefully, we can start
Tim Sackton: on the early side so that we can.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm so sorry the man. This is like the 3rd iteration of what the architect showed us, though it's finally like a really good design that we can actually kind of afford awesome.
David S. Kong: Good congrats.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Okay. Good night.